THE GRANDMOTHER didn't want to go to Florida. She wanted to visit some of her connections in east Tennessee and she was seizing at every chance to change Bailey's mind. Bailey was the son she lived with, her only boy. He was sitting on the edge of his chair at the table, bent over the orange sports section of the Journal. "Now look here, Bailey," she said, "see here, read this," and she stood with one hand on her thin hip and the other rattling the newspaper at his bald head. "Here this fellow that calls himself The Misfit is aloose from the Federal Pen and headed toward Florida and you read here what it says he did to these people. Just you read it. I wouldn't take my children in any direction with a criminal like that aloose in it. I couldn't answer to my conscience if I did."
Bailey didn't look up from his reading so she wheeled around then and faced the children's mother, a young woman in slacks, whose face was as broad and innocent as a cabbage and was tied around with a green head-kerchief that had two points on the top like rabbit's ears. She was sitting on the sofa, feeding the baby his apricots out of a jar. "The children have been to Florida before," the old lady said. "You all ought to take them somewhere else for a change so they would see different parts of the world and be broad. They never have been to east Tennessee."
The children's mother didn't seem to hear her but the eight-year-old boy, John Wesley, a stocky child with glasses, said, "If you don't want to go to Florida, why dontcha stay at home?" He and the little girl, June Star, were reading the funny papers on the floor.

"She wouldn't stay at home to be queen for a day," June Star said without raising her yellow head.

"Yes and what would you do if this fellow, The Misfit, caught you?" the grandmother asked.

"I'd smack his face," John Wesley said.

"She wouldn't stay at home for a million bucks," June Star said. "Afraid she'd miss something. She has to go everywhere we go."


"All right, Miss," the grandmother said. "Just remember that the next time you want me to curl your hair."

June Star said her hair was naturally curly.
The next morning the grandmother was the first one in the car, ready to go. She had her big black valise that looked like the head of a hippopotamus in one corner, and underneath it she was hiding a basket with Pitty Sing, the cat, in it. She didn't intend for the cat to be left alone in the house for three days because he would miss her too much and she was afraid he might brush against one of the gas burners and accidentally asphyxiate himself. Her son, Bailey, didn't like to arrive at a motel with a cat.
She sat in the middle of the back seat with John Wesley and June Star on either side of her. Bailey and the children's mother and the baby sat in front and they left Atlanta at eight forty-five with the mileage on the car at 55890. The grandmother wrote this down because she thought it would be interesting to say how many miles they had been when they got back. It took them twenty minutes to reach the outskirts of the city.

The old lady settled herself comfortably, removing her white cotton gloves and putting them up with her purse on the shelf in front of the back window. The children's mother still had on slacks and still had her head tied up in a green kerchief, but the grandmother had on a navy blue straw sailor hat with a bunch of white violets on the brim and a navy blue dress with a small white dot in the print. Her collars and cuffs were white organdy trimmed with lace and at her neckline she had pinned a purple spray of cloth violets containing a sachet. In case of an accident, anyone seeing her dead on the highway would know at once that she was a lady.

She said she thought it was going to be a good day for driving, neither too hot nor too cold, and she cautioned Bailey that the speed limit was fifty-five miles an hour and that the patrolmen hid themselves behind billboards and small clumps of trees and sped out after you before you had a chance to slow down. She pointed out interesting details of the scenery: Stone Mountain; the blue granite that in some places came up to both sides of the highway; the brilliant red clay banks slightly streaked with purple; and the various crops that made rows of green lace-work on the ground. The trees were full of silver-white sunlight and the meanest of them sparkled. The children were reading comic magazines and their mother had gone back to sleep.
"Let's go through Georgia fast so we won't have to look at it much," John Wesley said.
"If I were a little boy," said the grandmother, "I wouldn't talk about my native state that way. Tennessee has the mountains and Georgia has the hills."
"Tennessee is just a hillbilly dumping ground," John Wesley said, "and Georgia is a lousy state too."
"You said it," June Star said.
"In my time," said the grandmother, folding her thin veined fingers, "children were more respectful of their native states and their parents and everything else. People did right then. Oh look at the cute little pickaninny!" she said and pointed to a Negro child standing in the door of a shack. "Wouldn't that make a picture, now?" she asked and they all turned and looked at the little Negro out of the back window. He waved.
"He didn't have any britches on," June Star said.
"He probably didn't have any," the grandmother explained. "Little niggers in the country don't have things like we do. If I could paint, I'd paint that picture," she said.

The children exchanged comic books.

The grandmother offered to hold the baby and the children's mother passed him over the front seat to her. She set him on her knee and bounced him and told him about the things they were passing. She rolled her eyes and screwed up her mouth and stuck her leathery thin face into his smooth bland one. Occasionally he gave her a faraway smile. They passed a large cotton field with five or six graves fenced in the middle of it, like a small island. "Look at the graveyard!" the grandmother said, pointing it out. "That was the old family burying ground. That belonged to the plantation."

"Where's the plantation?" John Wesley asked.

"Gone With the Wind," said the grandmother. "Ha. Ha."

When the children finished all the comic books they had brought, they opened the lunch and ate it. The grandmother ate a peanut butter sandwich and an olive and would not let



the children throw the box and the paper napkins out the window. When there was nothing else to do they played a game by choosing a cloud and making the other two guess what shape it suggested. John Wesley took one the shape of a cow and June Star guessed a cow and John Wesley said, no, an automobile, and June Star said he didn't play fair, and they began to slap each other over the grandmother.

The grandmother said she would tell them a story if they would keep quiet. When she told a story, she rolled her eyes and waved her head and was very dramatic. She said once when she was a maiden lady she had been courted by a Mr. Edgar Atkins Teagarden from Jasper, Georgia. She said he was a very good-looking man and a gentleman and that he brought her a watermelon every Saturday afternoon with his initials cut in it, E. A. T. Well, one Saturday, she said, Mr. Teagarden brought the watermelon and there was nobody at home and he left it on the front porch and returned in his buggy to Jasper, but she never got the watermelon, she said, because a nigger boy ate it when he saw the initials, E. A. T.! This story tickled John Wesley's funny bone and he giggled and giggled but June Star didn't think it was any good. She said she wouldn't marry a man that just brought her a watermelon on Saturday. The grandmother said she would have done well to marry Mr. Teagarden because he was a gentleman and had bought Coca-Cola stock when it first came out and that he had died only a few years ago, a very wealthy man.
They stopped at The Tower for barbecued sandwiches. The Tower was a part stucco and part wood filling station and dance hall set in a clearing outside of Timothy. A fat man named Red Sammy Butts ran it and there were signs stuck here and there on the building and for miles up and down the highway saying, TRY RED SAMMY'S FAMOUS BARBECUE. NONE LIKE FAMOUS RED SAMMY'S! RED SAM! THE FAT BOY WITH THE HAPPY LAUGH. A VETERAN! RED SAMMY'S YOUR MAN!
Red Sammy was lying on the bare ground outside The Tower with his head under a truck while a gray monkey about a foot high, chained to a small chinaberry tree, chattered nearby. The monkey sprang back into the tree and got on the highest limb as soon as he saw the children jump out of the car and run toward him.
Inside, The Tower was a long dark room with a counter at one end and tables at the other and dancing space in the middle. They all sat down at a board table next to the nickelodeon and Red Sam's wife, a tall burnt-brown woman with hair and eyes lighter than her skin, came and took their order. The children's mother put a dime in the machine and played "The Tennessee Waltz," and the grandmother said that tune always made her want to dance. She asked Bailey if he would like to dance but he only glared at her. He didn't have a naturally sunny disposition like she did and trips made him nervous. The grandmother's brown eyes were very bright. She swayed her head from side to side and pretended she was dancing in her chair. June Star said play something she could tap to so the children's mother put in another dime and played a fast number and June Star stepped out onto the dance floor and did her tap routine.

"Ain't she cute?" Red Sam's wife said, leaning over the counter. "Would you like to come be my little girl?"

"No I certainly wouldn't," June Star said. "I wouldn't live in a broken-down place like this for a minion bucks!" and she ran back to the table.

"Ain't she cute?" the woman repeated, stretching her mouth politely.

"Arn't you ashamed?" hissed the grandmother.

Red Sam came in and told his wife to quit lounging on the counter and hurry up with these people's order. His khaki trousers reached just to his hip bones and his stomach hung over them like a sack of meal swaying under his shirt. He came over and sat down at a table nearby and let out a combination sigh and yodel. "You can't win," he said. "You can't win," and he wiped his sweating red face off with a gray handkerchief. "These days you don't know who to trust," he said. "Ain't that the truth?"

"People are certainly not nice like they used to be," said the grandmother.
"Two fellers come in here last week," Red Sammy said, "driving a Chrysler. It was a old beat-up car but it was a good one and these boys looked all right to me. Said they worked at the mill and you know I let them fellers charge the gas they bought? Now why did I do that?"
"Because you're a good man!" the grandmother said at once.

"Yes'm, I suppose so," Red Sam said as if he were struck with this answer.
His wife brought the orders, carrying the five plates all at once without a tray, two in each hand and one balanced on her arm. "It isn't a soul in this green world of God's that you can trust," she said. "And I don't count nobody out of that, not nobody," she repeated, looking at Red Sammy.

"Did you read about that criminal, The Misfit, that's escaped?" asked the grandmother.
"I wouldn't be a bit surprised if he didn't attact this place right here," said the woman. "If he hears about it being here,I wouldn't be none surprised to see him. If he hears it's two cent in the cash register, I wouldn't be a tall surprised if he . . ."

"That'll do," Red Sam said. "Go bring these people their Co'-Colas," and the woman went off to get the rest of the order.
"A good man is hard to find," Red Sammy said. "Everything is getting terrible. I remember the day you could go off and leave your screen door unlatched. Not no more."
He and the grandmother discussed better times. The old lady said that in her opinion Europe was entirely to blame for the way things were now. She said the way Europe acted you would think we were made of money and Red Sam said it was no use talking about it, she was exactly right. The children ran outside into the white sunlight and looked at the monkey in the lacy chinaberry tree. He was busy catching fleas on himself and biting each one carefully between his teeth as if it were a delicacy.

They drove off again into the hot afternoon. The grand- mother took cat naps and woke up every few minutes with her own snoring. Outside of Toombsboro she woke up and recalled an old plantation that she had visited in this neighborhood once when she was a young lady. She said the house had six white columns across the front and that there was an avenue of oaks leading up to it and two little wooden trellis

arbors on either side in front where you sat down with your suitor after a stroll in the garden. She recalled exactly which road to turn off to get to it. She knew that Bailey would not be willing to lose any time looking at an old house, but the more she talked about it, the more she wanted to see it once again and find out if the little twin arbors were still standing. "There was a secret panel in this house," she said craftily, not telling the truth but wishing that she were, "and the story went that all the family silver was hidden in it when Sherman came through but it was never found . . ."

"Hey!" John Wesley said. "Let's go see it! We'll find it! We'll poke all the woodwork and find it! Who lives there? Where do you turn off at? Hey Pop, can't we turn off there?"

"We never have seen a house with a secret panel!" June Star shrieked. "Let's go to the house with the secret panel! Hey Pop, can't we go see the house with the secret panel!"
"It's not far from here, I know," the grandmother said. "It wouldn't take over twenty minutes."
Bailey was looking straight ahead. His jaw was as rigid as a horseshoe. "No," he said.
The children began to yell and scream that they wanted to see the house with the secret panel. John Wesley kicked the back of the front seat and June Star hung over her mother's shoulder and whined desperately into her ear that they never had any fun even on their vacation, that they could never do what THEY wanted to do. The baby began to scream and John Wesley kicked the back of the seat so hard that his father could feel the blows in his kidney.

"All right!" he shouted and drew the car to a stop at the side of the road. "Will you all shut up? Will you all just shut up for one second? If you don't shut up, we won't go anywhere.

"It would be very educational for them," the grandmother murmured.

"All right," Bailey said, "but get this: this is the only time we're going to stop for anything like this. This is the one and only time."

"The dirt road that you have to turn down is about a mile back," the grandmother directed. "I marked it when we passed."
"A dirt road," Bailey groaned.
After they had turned around and were headed toward the dirt road, the grandmother recalled other points about the house, the beautiful glass over the front doorway and the candle-lamp in the hall. John Wesley said that the secret panel was probably in the fireplace.
"You can't go inside this house," Bailey said. "You don't know who lives there."
"While you all talk to the people in front, I'll run around behind and get in a window," John Wesley suggested.

"We'll all stay in the car," his mother said. They turned onto the dirt road and the car raced roughly along in a swirl of pink dust. The grandmother recalled the times when there were no paved roads and thirty miles was a day's journey. The dirt road was hilly and there were sudden washes in it and sharp curves on dangerous embankments. All at once they would be on a hill, looking down over the blue tops of trees for miles around, then the next minute, they would be in a red depression with the dust-coated trees looking down on them.

"This place had better turn up in a minute," Bailey said, "or I'm going to turn around."

The road looked as if no one had traveled on it in months.

"It's not much farther," the grandmother said and just as she said it, a horrible thought came to her. The thought was so embarrassing that she turned red in the face and her eyes dilated and her feet jumped up, upsetting her valise in the corner. The instant the valise moved, the newspaper top she had over the basket under it rose with a snarl and Pitty Sing,the cat, sprang onto Bailey's shoulder.

The children were thrown to the floor and their mother, clutching the baby, was thrown out the door onto the ground; the old lady was thrown into the front seat. The car turned over once and landed right-side-up in a gulch off the side of the road. Bailey remained in the driver's seat with the cat-gray-striped with a broad white face and an orange nose-clinging to his neck like a caterpillar.

As soon as the children saw they could move their arms and legs, they scrambled out of the car, shouting, "We've had an ACCIDENT!" The grandmother was curled up under the dashboard, hoping she was injured so that Bailey's wrath would not come down on her all at once. The horrible thought she had had before the accident was that the house she had remembered so vividly was not in Georgia but in Tennessee.
Bailey removed the cat from his neck with both hands and flung it out the window against the side of a pine tree. Then he got out of the car and started looking for the children's mother. She was sitting against the side of the red gutted ditch, holding the screaming baby, but she only had a cut down her face and a broken shoulder. "We've had an ACCIDENT!" the children screamed in a frenzy of delight.
"But nobody's killed," June Star said with disappointment as the grandmother limped out of the car, her hat still pinned to her head but the broken front brim standing up at a jaunty angle and the violet spray hanging off the side. They all sat down in the ditch, except the children, to recover from the shock. They were all shaking.
"Maybe a car will come along," said the children's mother hoarsely.
"I believe I have injured an organ," said the grandmother, pressing her side, but no one answered her. Bailey's teeth were clattering. He had on a yellow sport shirt with bright blue parrots designed in it and his face was as yellow as the l shirt. The grandmother decided that she would not mention that the house was in Tennessee.
The road was about ten feet above and they could see only the tops of the trees on the other side of it. Behind the ditch they were sitting in there were more woods, tall and dark and deep. In a few minutes they saw a car some distance away on top of a hill, coming slowly as if the occupants were watching them. The grandmother stood up and waved both arms dramatically to attract their attention. The car continued to come on slowly, disappeared around a bend and appeared again, moving even slower, on top of the hill they had gone over. It was a big black battered hearse-like automobile. There were three men in it.
It came to a stop just over them and for some minutes, the driver looked down with a steady expressionless gaze to where they were sitting, and didn't speak. Then he turned his

head and muttered something to the other two and they got out. One was a fat boy in black trousers and a red sweat shirt with a silver stallion embossed on the front of it. He moved around on the right side of them and stood staring, his mouth partly open in a kind of loose grin. The other had on khaki pants and a blue striped coat and a gray hat pulled down very low, hiding most of his face. He came around slowly on the left side. Neither spoke.

The driver got out of the car and stood by the side of it, looking down at them. He was an older man than the other two. His hair was just beginning to gray and he wore silver- rimmed spectacles that gave him a scholarly look. He had a long creased face and didn't have on any shirt or undershirt. He had on blue jeans that were too tight for him and was holding a black hat and a gun. The two boys also had guns.
"We've had an ACCIDENT!" the children screamed.
The grandmother had the peculiar feeling that the bespectacled man was someone she knew. His face was as familiar to her as if she had known him au her life but she could not recall who he was. He moved away from the car and began to come down the embankment, placing his feet carefully so that he wouldn't slip. He had on tan and white shoes and no socks, and his ankles were red and thin. "Good afternoon," he said. "I see you all had you a little spill."
"We turned over twice!" said the grandmother.
"Once"," he corrected. "We seen it happen. Try their car and see will it run, Hiram," he said quietly to the boy with the gray hat.
"What you got that gun for?" John Wesley asked. "Whatcha gonna do with that gun?"
"Lady," the man said to the children's mother, "would you mind calling them children to sit down by you? Children make me nervous. I want all you all to sit down right together there where you're at."

"What are you telling US what to do for?" June Star asked.

Behind them the line of woods gaped like a dark open mouth. "Come here," said their mother.

"Look here now," Bailey began suddenly, "we're in a predicament! We're in . . ."

The grandmother shrieked. She scrambled to her feet and stood staring. "You're The Misfit!" she said. "I recognized you at once!"
"Yes'm," the man said, smiling slightly as if he were pleased in spite of himself to be known, "but it would have been better for all of you, lady, if you hadn't of reckernized me."
Bailey turned his head sharply and said something to his mother that shocked even the children. The old lady began to cry and The Misfit reddened.
"Lady," he said, "don't you get upset. Sometimes a man says things he don't mean. I don't reckon he meant to talk to you thataway."
"You wouldn't shoot a lady, would you?" the grandmother said and removed a clean handkerchief from her cuff and began to slap at her eyes with it.
The Misfit pointed the toe of his shoe into the ground and made a little hole and then covered it up again. "I would hate to have to," he said.
"Listen," the grandmother almost screamed, "I know you're a good man. You don't look a bit like you have com- mon blood. I know you must come from nice people!"

"Yes mam," he said, "finest people in the world." When he smiled he showed a row of strong white teeth. "God never made a finer woman than my mother and my daddy's heart was pure gold," he said. The boy with the red sweat shirt had come around behind them and was standing with his gun at his hip. The Misfit squatted down on the ground. "Watch them children, Bobby Lee," he said. "You know they make me nervous." He looked at the six of them huddled together in front of him and he seemed to be embarrassed as if he couldn't think of anything to say. "Ain't a cloud in the sky," he remarked, looking up at it. "Don't see no sun but don't see no cloud neither."
"Yes, it's a beautiful day," said the grandmother. "Listen," she said, "you shouldn't call yourself The Misfit because I know you're a good man at heart. I can just look at you and tell "
"Hush!" Bailey yelled. "Hush! Everybody shut up and let me handle this!" He was squatting in the position of a runner about to sprint forward but he didn't move.

"I prechate that, lady," The Misfit said and drew a little circle in the ground with the butt of his gun.

"It'll take a half a hour to fix this here car," Hiram called, looking over the raised hood of it.
"Well, first you and Bobby Lee get him and that little boy to step over yonder with you," The Misfit said, pointing to Bailey and John Wesley. "The boys want to ast you some- thing," he said to Bailey. "Would you mind stepping back in them woods there with them?"
"Listen," Bailey began, "we're in a terrible predicament! Nobody realizes what this is," and his voice cracked. His eyes were as blue and intense as the parrots in his shirt and he remained perfectly still.
The grandmother reached up to adjust her hat brim as if she were going to the woods with him but it came off in her hand. She stood staring at it and after a second she let it fall on the ground. Hiram pulled Bailey up by the arm as if he were assisting an old man. John Wesley caught hold of his father's hand and Bobby Lee followed. They went off toward the woods and just as they reached the dark edge, Bailey turned and supporting himself against a gray naked pine trunk, he shouted, "I'll be back in a minute, Mamma, wait on me!"
"Come back this instant!" his mother shrilled but they all disappeared into the woods.
"Bailey Boy!" the grandmother called in a tragic voice but she found she was looking at The Misfit squatting on the ground in front of her. "I just know you're a good man," she said desperately. "You're not a bit common!"
"Nome, I ain't a good man," The Misfit said after a second as if he had considered her statement carefully, "but I ain't the worst in the world neither. My daddy said I was a different breed of dog from my brothers and sisters. 'You know,' Daddy said, 'it's some that can live their whole life out without asking about it and it's others has to know why it is, and this boy is one of the latters. He's going to be into every- thing!'" He put on his black hat and looked up suddenly and then away deep into the woods as if he were embarrassed again. "I'm sorry I don't have on a shirt before you ladies," he said, hunching his shoulders slightly. "We buried our clothes that we had on when we escaped and we're just making do until we can get better. We borrowed these from some folks we met," he explained.
"That's perfectly all right," the grandmother said. "Maybe Bailey has an extra shirt in his suitcase."
"I'll look and see terrectly," The Misfit said.
"Where are they taking him?" the children's mother screamed.
"Daddy was a card himself," The Misfit said. "You couldn't put anything over on him. He never got in trouble with the Authorities though. Just had the knack of handling them."
"You could be honest too if you'd only try," said the grandmother. "Think how wonderful it would be to settle down and live a comfortable life and not have to think about some- body chasing you all the time."
The Misfit kept scratching in the ground with the butt of his gun as if he were thinking about it. "Yes'm, somebody is always after you," he murmured.
The grandmother noticed how thin his shoulder blades were just behind-his hat because she was standing up looking down on him. "Do you ever pray?" she asked.
He shook his head. All she saw was the black hat wiggle between his shoulder blades. "Nome," he said.
There was a pistol shot from the woods, followed closely by another. Then silence. The old lady's head jerked around. She could hear the wind move through the tree tops like a long satisfied insuck of breath. "Bailey Boy!" she called.
"I was a gospel singer for a while," The Misfit said. "I been most everything. Been in the arm service, both land and sea, at home and abroad, been twict married, been an undertaker, been with the railroads, plowed Mother Earth, been in a tornado, seen a man burnt alive oncet," and he looked up at the children's mother and the little girl who were sitting close together, their faces white and their eyes glassy; "I even seen a woman flogged," he said.
"Pray, pray," the grandmother began, "pray, pray . . ."

"I never was a bad boy that I remember of," The Misfit said in an almost dreamy voice, "but somewheres along the line I done something wrong and got sent to the penitentiary. I was buried alive," and he looked up and held her attention to him by a steady stare.
"That's when you should have started to pray," she said "What did you do to get sent to the penitentiary that first time?"

"Turn to the right, it was a wall," The Misfit said, looking up again at the cloudless sky. "Turn to the left, it was a wall. Look up it was a ceiling, look down it was a floor. I forget what I done, lady. I set there and set there, trying to remember what it was I done and I ain't recalled it to this day. Oncet in a while, I would think it was coming to me, but it never come."

"Maybe they put you in by mistake," the old lady said vaguely.

"Nome," he said. "It wasn't no mistake. They had the papers on me."

"You must have stolen something," she said.

The Misfit sneered slightly. "Nobody had nothing I wanted," he said. "It was a head-doctor at the penitentiary said what I had done was kill my daddy but I known that for a lie. My daddy died in nineteen ought nineteen of the epidemic flu and I never had a thing to do with it. He was buried in the Mount Hopewell Baptist churchyard and you can go there and see for yourself."

"If you would pray," the old lady said, "Jesus would help you."

"That's right," The Misfit said.

"Well then, why don't you pray?" she asked trembling with delight suddenly.

"I don't want no hep," he said. "I'm doing all right by myself."

Bobby Lee and Hiram came ambling back from the woods. Bobby Lee was dragging a yellow shirt with bright blue parrots in it.

"Thow me that shirt, Bobby Lee," The Misfit said. The shirt came flying at him and landed on his shoulder and he put it on. The grandmother couldn't name what the shirt reminded her of. "No, lady," The Misfit said while he was buttoning it up, "I found out the crime don't matter. You can do one thing or you can do another, kill a man or take a tire off his car, because sooner or later you're going to forget what it was you done and just be punished for it."

The children's mother had begun to make heaving noises as if she couldn't get her breath. "Lady," he asked, "would you and that little girl like to step off yonder with Bobby Lee and Hiram and join your husband?"

"Yes, thank you," the mother said faintly. Her left arm dangled helplessly and she was holding the baby, who had gone to sleep, in the other. "Hep that lady up, Hiram," The Misfit said as she struggled to climb out of the ditch, "and Bobby Lee, you hold onto that little girl's hand."

"I don't want to hold hands with him," June Star said. "He reminds me of a pig."

The fat boy blushed and laughed and caught her by the arm and pulled her off into the woods after Hiram and her mother.

Alone with The Misfit, the grandmother found that she had lost her voice. There was not a cloud in the sky nor any sun. There was nothing around her but woods. She wanted to tell him that he must pray. She opened and closed her mouth several times before anything came out. Finally she found herself saying, "Jesus. Jesus," meaning, Jesus will help you, but the way she was saying it, it sounded as if she might be cursing.

"Yes'm," The Misfit said as if he agreed. "Jesus shown everything off balance. It was the same case with Him as with me except He hadn't committed any crime and they could prove I had committed one because they had the papers on me. Of course," he said, "they never shown me my papers. That's why I sign myself now. I said long ago, you get you a signature and sign everything you do and keep a copy of it. Then you'll know what you done and you can hold up the crime to the punishment and see do they match and in the end you'll have something to prove you ain't been treated right. I call myself The Misfit," he said, "because I can't make what all I done wrong fit what all I gone through in punishment."

There was a piercing scream from the woods, followed closely by a pistol report. "Does it seem right to you, lady, that one is punished a heap and another ain't punished at all?"

"Jesus!" the old lady cried. "You've got good blood! I know you wouldn't shoot a lady! I know you come from nice people! Pray! Jesus, you ought not to shoot a lady. I'll give you all the money I've got!"

"Lady," The Misfit said, looking beyond her far into the woods, "there never was a body that give the undertaker a tip."

There were two more pistol reports and the grandmother raised her head like a parched old turkey hen crying for water and called, "Bailey Boy, Bailey Boy!" as if her heart would break.

"Jesus was the only One that ever raised the dead," The Misfit continued, "and He shouldn't have done it. He shown everything off balance. If He did what He said, then it's nothing for you to do but thow away everything and follow Him, and if He didn't, then it's nothing for you to do but enjoy the few minutes you got left the best way you can-by killing somebody or burning down his house or doing some other meanness to him. No pleasure but meanness," he said and his voice had become almost a snarl.

"Maybe He didn't raise the dead," the old lady mumbled, not knowing what she was saying and feeling so dizzy that she sank down in the ditch with her legs twisted under her.

"I wasn't there so I can't say He didn't," The Misfit said. "I wisht I had of been there," he said, hitting the ground with his fist. "It ain't right I wasn't there because if I had of been there I would of known. Listen lady," he said in a high voice, "if I had of been there I would of known and I wouldn't be like I am now." His voice seemed about to crack and the grandmother's head cleared for an instant. She saw the man's face twisted close to her own as if he were going to cry and she murmured, "Why you're one of my babies. You're one of my own children!" She reached out and touched him on the shoulder. The Misfit sprang back as if a snake had bitten him and shot her three times through the chest. Then he put his gun down on the ground and took off his glasses and began to clean them.

Hiram and Bobby Lee returned from the woods and stood over the ditch, looking down at the grandmother who half sat and half lay in a puddle of blood with her legs crossed under her like a child's and her face smiling up at the cloudless sky.



Without his glasses, The Misfit's eyes were red-rimmed and pale and defenseless-looking. "Take her off and thow her where you shown the others," he said, picking up the cat that was rubbing itself against his leg.

"She was a talker, wasn't she?" Bobby Lee said, sliding down the ditch with a yodel.

"She would of been a good woman," The Misfit said, "if it had been somebody there to shoot her every minute of her life."

"Some fun!" Bobby Lee said.

"Shut up, Bobby Lee" The Misfit said. "It's no real pleasure in life."
The pandemic has caused almost everyone to spend more time at home, which in turn has led a lot of people to rethink their living situations. Some people have dedicated this time to creating a more comfortable living space to work from, while others are making some overdue home improvements. So what does all of this mean for you?
Some actors make  a show of their supposed humility. For Buscemi, that quality seems to suffuse his entire being. Despite his involvement in several cultural touchstones of our time—from Coen brothers classics to Adam Sandler blockbusters, from  30 Rock  to  The Sopranos —he cannot turn off the modesty. When he first directed an episode of the HBO Mob drama, all he could think was “Oh, my God. I don't belong here. Why would they listen to me?” (That  Sopranos  episode would be “Pine Barrens,” considered by many to be the best of the entire series.) When he went to the SAG Awards earlier this year, he wanted to meet the cast of  Fleabag  but still felt nervous about introducing himself to Phoebe Waller-Bridge. During this very interview, when we hit a brief pause in conversation, he asks me semi-apologetically, “Have I been a hard person to talk to?” (Not even close.) He is endearingly understated, as if oblivious to how others perceive and contextualize him. Even though, as Pete Davidson (who helped cast Buscemi in the upcoming movie  The King of Staten Island ) and Daniel Radcliffe (who costars with Buscemi on the TBS comedy anthology series  Miracle Workers ) put it to me separately, he is “Steve Fucking Buscemi.” I meet Buscemi (he says it boo- sem -ee, not boo- shem -ee) for the first time at an airy Italian restaurant a short walk from his place. Neither of us knows it yet, but this cloudless March Wednesday is one of the last normal days on record, before New York City all but shuts down because of the coronavirus and we are collectively advised to confine ourselves to our apartments. As it turns out, my last sit-down restaurant meal until who knows when is this lunch, with Steve Fucking Buscemi. He has the spinach frittata. At 62, Buscemi has spent a lifetime playing lunatics and weirdos, outcasts and oddballs, his wiry frame a guitar string thrumming with rage or taut with the deep discomfort of simply existing in the world. The crown jewels of his visage are his heavy-lidded blue eyes, one of the most recognizable sets in the business, which can jut out maniacally or drown in subdued sorrow. When he pulls off his black baseball cap, I'm struck by how muted and relaxed his features are, as if they've all agreed to a nonaggression pact. Buscemi also carries himself with an unobtrusiveness at odds with his various personas, down to his urban camouflage: a straightforward dark gray button-down, black jeans and glasses, a navy jacket and scarf. He has said before that he did not realize his teeth were so crooked until he saw himself on film. They're much more harmonious in person, save for one prominent exception: a slightly feral snaggletooth, top left, that peeks out when he laughs—which he does reflexively, nervously. Often. It feels like an old friend. At this point, Buscemi has surrounded us so consistently in such varied work that he might as well be air. He has been a stingy, sarcastic criminal ( Reservoir Dogs ), a loudmouthed, louche criminal ( Fargo ), a heavy-metal rocker turned hapless criminal ( Airheads ), and a guy whose only crime is having too many opinions about jazz ( Ghost World ). A neurotic screenwriter ( In the Soup ) and a neurotic director ( Living in Oblivion ). A gloriously inept private detective ( 30 Rock ). A downtrodden bowler ( The Big Lebowski ). A guy literally named Crazy Eyes ( Mr. Deeds ). “We used to joke that he was our generation's Don Knotts, but he's more Jimmy Stewart in a way,” says the independent filmmaker Jim Jarmusch, who has been friends with Buscemi for more than 35 years and cast him in several projects. “He portrays humanity.” Thought he'd peaked, that he might as well devote himself to directing full-time. “I just couldn't really see where it was going,” he says. “I felt like I was at an odd age where I was too old to play some characters, not old enough to play other characters.” Then, in a brilliant casting turn, the character actor's character actor landed the lead as political boss and gangster Nucky Thompson on the HBO Prohibition drama  Boardwalk Empire.  Show creator Terence Winter says that even Buscemi did not see it coming. “When I called him to tell him he got the role, he was so ready to be rejected,” Winter recalls. “I said, ‘Steve, we'd like to offer you this role.’ And he said, ‘Well, it was really an honor to be considered.’ ” Since  Boardwalk Empire  ended, in 2014, Buscemi has had the luxury of working only when he wants to. Older Buscemi has primarily been drawn to levity and, most recently, an element of camaraderie. In the '80s he worked as a firefighter, a real-world experience he draws from for  The King of Staten Island,  in which Buscemi plays the wizened Papa, who could very well be the alternate-universe version of himself had he become a lifer. Director Judd Apatow gave him the option for the character to be either the fire chief or simply a senior member of the company. “At first I was sort of excited about playing a fire chief,” Buscemi tells me. “But then I thought, No, I want to be one of the guys. Just one of the guys.” In the first season of  Miracle Workers  he played God, but he much preferred his season-two character, a medieval peasant named Edward Shitshoveler. “God was fun, but he was sort of isolated from everybody,” he says. “And he was kind of a downer.” There is one recurring theme from Buscemi's previous work that he is determined to leave behind. “I don't have the tolerance for violence that I used to,” says the man whose most famous of many cinematic deaths involved getting hacked to bits with an ax and then shoved into a wood chipper in  Fargo.  After he got whacked on  The Sopranos,  he made a half promise to himself that he would stop taking on roles where he was murdered. (“Where does it go after you get killed by Tony Soprano? That should be the cutoff.”) And then there's the problem of playing the  killer  too. There was one particular scene on  Boardwalk Empire,  where Nucky shoots a teenager in the back of the head, that gave him pause. “It was hard for me to divorce myself from the feelings that it was actually me doing it,” he says. Speak to colleagues and friends of Buscemi's and you will hear one word repeated over and over and over again:  kind.  “Everybody loves him,” says David Chase, creator of  The Sopranos.  “He feels a lot for other people, but he's very uplifting,” Jarmusch tells me. “I know this sounds ridiculous, but I just feel so honored to know him as a friend.” Jarmusch, by the way, says Buscemi is an “incredible” dancer. “Yeah, you got to get him loosened up and then ‘Hey, Steve, let's see you hit the dance floor.’ He's really good.” Enthusiasm and excellent dancing aside, the actor seems to inspire a particular reverence in those who grew up watching his work. Simon Rich, the creator of  Miracle Workers,  cites how Buscemi's younger costars on the show look up to him. “It's how I imagine younger players on the Lakers probably feel around LeBron James,” he says. “Like, ‘Shoot. I'd better bring my A-game because I get to play with this guy.’ ” Blazer, $3,750, shirt, $890, pants, $2,450, tie, $195, and shoes, $890, by Celine by Hedi Slimane / Socks, $4, by Uniqlo Just when Buscemi  should have been comfortably entering his icon era, personal tragedy struck. Andres was diagnosed with ovarian cancer in 2015. She went through chemotherapy, was in remission for a stretch. The cancer came back with a vengeance in 2017. When Buscemi talks about the last years of his wife's illness, his voice catches. “The pain was the hardest thing,” he says softly. “People who are going through that, it's painful. It's painful to die from cancer. There's just no way around it.” Buscemi and Andres met in 1983, when they were living across the street from each other in the East Village. Buscemi had developed a crush on her from afar and would rush out to walk his dog when she was on her way to or from work, hoping to run into her. She had separately seen his face, without realizing it, on handmade posters advertising “Steve and Mark,” the experimental comedy duo Buscemi performed in with the actor Mark Boone Junior, and would joke to her friend, “I'm going to snag that guy.” Later, when Andres found herself in Buscemi's apartment, she saw one of those posters and the cosmic coincidence dawned on her. “I still remember when she went, ‘That's  you, ’ ” he says, smiling. Back then, Buscemi had a day job as a firefighter. At the behest of his father, a sanitation worker, he and his three brothers had taken the civil service exam, a surefire path to steady and decent employment. Buscemi had originally landed in the city from the clapboard suburb of Valley Stream, Long Island, to take acting classes at the Lee Strasberg Theatre & Film Institute—again thanks to his father, who had suggested the classes to stop his son, adrift and miserable after finishing high school, from running off to Los Angeles to chase his dreams. (Buscemi eventually memorialized that aimless period in his sublime 1996 directorial debut,  Trees Lounge. ) Buscemi paid for the lessons with the $6,000 he received from the city after being hit by a bus when he was four, during his early-childhood years in the Brooklyn neighborhood of East New York. (He was also hit by a car when he was eight and stabbed by a stranger in a bar fight while out with the actor Vince Vaughn in 2001. “I came close to death,” he says, casually reflecting on the latter incident. “That was probably the closest I've been, besides being hit by a bus and a car.”) Buscemi would spend four years at Engine Co. 55 in Little Italy. At first he kept quiet about his theatrical aspirations around his coworkers. “They already thought I was kind of a weirdo, because I lived in the East Village,” he says. “So I kept my mouth shut and my head low and just tried to get along.” Then one night, he got pretty drunk at a party—“firefighters always look for an excuse to have a party”—and started working the room, imitating all the guys. It was a hit. “They started coming to see the plays that I was doing,” he says. “They were really supportive.” If it took Buscemi a minute to find his community on the job, he was also feeling like an outsider to the downtown scene flourishing around him. “I was very shy,” he says. “I would look around the East Village and see all these cool-looking people and felt like I could not fit in.” By the time he and Andres got together, he was much more enmeshed, thanks to the show with Boone Junior. “Between both of our worlds, there was always somebody doing a show or a place to go to hang out,” he recalls. Andres, slightly older and renowned in the performance-art world, was a huge early influence in expanding his understanding of what could be possible. “Jo really trusted her intuition and would just kind of put images out there and didn't feel the need to have to explain it or have to make sense,” he says. “She just had to feel a certain way, like she was trying to evoke a feeling, or a mood.” For Buscemi, ever anxious and analytical, Andres helped him to tap into his intuitive side and trust himself more. After booking the part of a gay man dying of AIDS in the 1986 movie  Parting Glances,  Buscemi took a temporary leave from the firefighting department that would end up being permanent. “I really believed that [ Parting Glances ] would get me more work,” he says. “It got me an agent. It didn't get me more work right away, but it did get the ball rolling.” (The movie feels dated now, but a young, sneering Buscemi blows everyone else out of the water.) The work really picked up for Buscemi after 1992's  Reservoir Dogs,  from a first-time director named Quentin Tarantino. And he credits Willem Dafoe, an actor who “did independent film but also did commercial work,” as an inspiration for how to model his budding career. “It just showed me a way that you can do both,” he says. By then Buscemi and Andres had gotten married, had Lucian, and settled into a quieter rhythm of life in Park Slope. Their nights traipsing around the East Village until 4 a.m. gave way to Little League games in Prospect Park. Andres continued to create work that was sublimely dreamy and avant-garde, like  Black Kites,  a remarkable mixed-media short film, based on the journals of a Bosnian artist during the siege of Sarajevo, that hit the festival circuit in 1996. The couple started a regular meditation practice and bought a property upstate where they could escape the city and get some fresh air. Even as jobs sent him around the world, they would make sure to never go three weeks without seeing each other. “It just became unbearable after three weeks,” Buscemi says. The one exception was when he was filming the movie  John Rabe  in Shanghai, when Lucian was a teenager. “I thought, at the time,  Well, he's in high school. He doesn't care, ” he remembers. “I really feel like,  Oh, I wish I was around more.  With parenting, it sometimes doesn't matter if you're relating to your kid or talking. Just the fact that you're there goes a long way, even if they're ignoring the hell out of you.” Before Andres died, Buscemi says, he hadn't thought much about death. “If I should happen to go not suddenly, I hope I could be as present as Jo was,” he says now. “She led the way. She was surrounded by friends and family. She really faced it. I really don't think she was afraid of dying. I think it was just a whole series of ‘Oh, I don't get to do this anymore.’ ” When Buscemi calls me  from his home a few weeks later, the world around us is completely altered by the pandemic. Well, mostly. “It doesn't feel that much different from what I do when I'm not working,” he admits. “Except that I would usually go out more.” Buscemi's life has been composed of layers of distinct New York City experiences: the blue-collar childhood in far-flung East New York, the formative years in a since vanished East Village scene, the quiet and quasi-suburban Park Slope adulthood. He has been present for the city's worst moments in recent memory, rushing over to Ground Zero after September 11 to spend 12-hour days clearing ash and debris from the fallen towers, to be there for the guys from his old firefighting company. But the coronavirus response is something new. Something that is, by design, singularly isolating. “One of the things that I think a disaster brings out is that people really support each other and help each other,” he says. “It feels so weird not to be able to be with people.” The other day, he and one of his brothers brought their mother cupcakes and flowers at her assisted-living center on Staten Island for her birthday but could talk to her only through the window. “That's been the hardest thing,” Buscemi says, sighing. “She has a pretty good sense of humor about the whole thing, but it's hard on us all.” He's been keeping busy, though. Painting some. Indulging in Turner Classic Movies, specifically the “Noir Alley” programming that airs on weekends, because “it just feels so good to be watching a movie on a Sunday morning.” Buscemi is also supposed to play Chebutykin in a much anticipated production of Chekhov's  Three Sisters  this spring, alongside Greta Gerwig, Oscar Isaac, and Chris Messina. It is slated to be his first theater work in nearly two decades. They've already held a virtual cast meeting, and so Buscemi has found himself in the same boat as those of us with far less glamorous jobs: “I have to learn Zoom, because everybody's Zooming.” And, of course, there's all that cleaning to keep him occupied. He tells me he's come across some old childhood cartoons, just riffing on what he saw in the pages of  Mad  magazine. This talk of cartoons gets him thinking: “You know what kills me? When  The New Yorker  comes and I look in the back, and they have those cartoons, I would love, one day, to be able to think of one. I look at them and I just go,  Why can't I think in that way?  I'm always shocked when I see who the winners are, and I go,  Oh, right, of course,  but then I go,  How does somebody think of that? ” Then he remembers a bit that Andres used to do, when she would send in her submission for the caption contest but it would always be the same joke: “Does the pope shit in the woods?” “It actually works for a lot of them,” he points out. In grieving, Buscemi has had days when he feels like he's underwater and doesn't want to be comforted. Other days when he's immensely grateful to have friends and family to lean on for support. Last fall, when he had to fly to Prague to film something after Andres died, he was racked with anxiety about being so far from home. The process is anything but linear. I ask him how he's weathering it now, with so much uncertainty swirling around us. “It's been over a year now since Jo passed, and I'm just starting to feel lighter,” he says. “It is very strange that, oh, now  this  is happening. If it was another personal thing, I think that would be really hard. “But the fact that everybody's going through it doesn't feel as isolating,” he continues. “It feels like it's something that we're doing together.”
The remarks illustrated the rising tensions as the talks approach a deadline next Monday.
With the deadline looming, the negotiators did not get much sleep last night.
They didn't even really have to look around at the trade deadline.
Partners are being advised to work from home. I want to work from home,' " she said.
It will not be defeated until our determination is as complete as theirs, our defence of freedom as absolute as their fanaticism, until our passion for the democratic way is as great as their passion for tyranny.Up in the north stand, Valencia's fans cheered their goalkeeper; around the rest of the stadium, Madrid's fans jeered theirs.Sometimes the irony of the situation cannot be missed: in one cubicle is a patient so sick they are fighting for their life and in the next is another wanting to give up theirs.His absence apparently will divest the team of their laughs, while that of Mitchell Johnson will similarly deprive numerous England supporters of theirs.But once banks get a customer he's pretty much theirs for good.I felt that my friends and neighbors were saying that my love is not the same as theirs". The rest of Britain should be extremely wary of doing the same with theirs. They have declared war!
Kosovo declared independence from Serbia in 2008. The six officers involved in Gray's arrest have been suspended.
Gray was chased and subjected to an arrest declared unlawful by the city's top prosecutor. Luckily, I have a big, red rotary dial phone, so I'm screeching into a lovely, solid chunk of plastic.
The accountant's fees were fully declared for tax purposes and he paid tax on the benefit.They are mistaken. Luckily this dramatic episode occurred at the end of our holiday in Wales.
But the answer is a reform of retirement provision and long term care, not pandering to a minority who want to play with their pension pots, probably in the mistaken belief they know what they are doing.
But academics in the US who have been trying to solve the mystery believe these El Salvadorians to be mistaken. Despite this, my knowledge of the dealings of the scheme were naive.
That was the mistaken assumption made by the Today programme, which asked Linehan if he had "changed it much". The reality is more complicated. It would be naive not to recognise that this great moral challenge is also a fraught political challenge.
However, he added, the hunt had been complicated by the fact that in parts of Mali, a whole village shares the same Sim card. "Luckily I landed in some cardboard boxes," he recalled.
Everybody says how complicated a book it is, but also it is very simple; a man tracking down one of four people. We launched the app yesterday. Yet in my view, that's simply naive," he argues. "I am advised it was worse in apprehension than it was in reality," he said.
We were launching a new product when the pandemic hit. So it should be common for the beam of light to intersect with the earth even when the gamma rays miss. I would like to lodge a complaint.
The official, who asked not to be identified because of the sensitivity of the issue, said photographs from North Korea showing a rocket launched from the sea appeared to be authentic. Explosions ripped across Belfast Lough on Sunday afternoon, creating vibrations in the air and apprehension on the faces of some of those who had gathered to watch the battle.
He launched a crackdown and the movement was formally dissolved in 2005. Illegal immigrants' lives intersect with those living in horrible LA gated communities. "Dreams are predictive in my opinion," she says, adding that "they don't really predict the future, because no one can do that. 
A police investigation was launched into the data issues.  If the weather had been good, we would have gone water-skiing. "Of course there were elements of it that were naive and overly ideological, but fundamentally what they were seeking to achieve had a good heart".
 If I had got a promotion, I would have thrown a party. If I had money, I would travel around the world. You come from one direction, it comes from another, and your paths intersect". You can never predict the vagaries of any particular awards.
If the weather was good, I would make a BBQ. If it's sunny, we'll go to the beach. Are you easy going or hard working? That's at odds with reality. Re-instating the written exam might help, but that too has drawbacks. Back in Barry, the series arc rumbles along toward a climax we still can't predict.
If it's cold, you should wear a coat. If I see her, I will tell her. If it had rained, you would have gotten wet. They are due, next week, to draw up their own plan of action, which could intersect with that of the Front for Change. Investments will drop by 5.8% and sales by 1.3%, they predict.
You would have gotten wet if it had rained. The evidence suggests otherwise.But poor children in Stoke-on-Trent start school two years behind their peers in leafier parts of the country. Nonetheless, locating your business off the beaten track has its drawbacks.  One did not need to be a rune-reader to predict their meeting in the second round of Italia 90 was likely to be spicy.
You would have passed your exam if you had worked harder. If I had worked harder I would have passed the exam. (But I didn't work hard, and I didn't pass the exam.)
The evidence is inconclusive. He added: "The evidence for that is overwhelming". She was quiet, too, easy going. Knowing this, you can understand my apprehension about Trump's decision. Here, we take a glance into the future to try and predict what treats might be in store by the time we reach 2016.
The points where the electrode lines of one array intersect with the other become cells for storing memory bits. "We should be transparent so that there will be no apprehension about what the police are doing," he said. There are some drawbacks, however. 
If I had known you were coming I would have baked a cake. (But I didn't know and I didn't bake a cake.) Then, with apprehension, I had a look. And creativity is at odds with fealty. 
I would have been happy if you had called me on my birthday. We have determined that there is sufficient evidence for a realistic prospect of conviction and that a prosecution is in the public interest". But the new law has drawbacks.
The drawbacks, though, are getting too painful to ignore. It is still the case that a child eligible for free school meals in one part of the country can attract almost twice as much money as in another. This does not mean I endorse any sort of salted caramel or goji berry versions.
The prisoner deal clearly meant Megrahi would be eligible for transfer back to Tripoli. Voters in Turkey endorse democracy in Turkey across identity boundaries".
If you had worked harder, you would have passed your exam. A leading academic study concludes there is "equivocal evidence regarding its magnitude". The home crowd was not stricken by apprehension but neither had they been entertained.
I would have believed you if you hadn't lied to me before. In the Lords, he became a fixture of the bar, always the centre of a disparate group of fellow peers, from right and left. People are currently eligible for Newstart from 22 years old and that will be increased to 25.
If you hadn't lied to me before, I would have believed you. Take two relatively recent scandals of agents the forces of law and order were running within two main paramilitary force as evidence of this. I attended meetings and discussions but said I would not join as I could not endorse the use of violence".
I will tell her if I see her. If I had won the lottery, I would have bought a car. Staff are unhurried, the atmosphere easy going. Moreover, they are at odds with themselves. As a delivery pass member you are eligible for priority access to Christmas delivery, the cost of which is included.
If you invest a little bit every day, you will probably get rich. If I find her address, I’ll send her an invitation. Noticing the cramps and moans of my peers, my absent period appeared to be a blessing of genetics.
If there wasn't a quarantine, I would visit my relatives. If you heat ice, it melts. Donald, the middle brother, is easy going and pleasant. The faculty was at odds with itself. In September, world leaders will endorse a new set of development goals at the UN.
 If I had studied harder, I would have passed the test. If I had won the lottery, I would have bought a car. Gibson refused to endorse the Greens but said: "I'm still a member of the Labour party but very uneasy about the way I've been treated.
 If you had told me about the meeting, I would have come. He's pretty easy going. Luckily they've split the poll into before-Iowa and after-Iowa.
 If you had told me about the meeting, I wouldn’t have missed it. Canadians are easy going, but also known for being direct.
"Seeing how their feelings get hurt by their peers," he said, "on purpose or not, it derails them for the rest of the day
 If I had been you, I would have closed all of the browser tabs! "History often vindicates those involved in such acts.
We just launched a design your own boots service and I have designed a lovely pair for spring. What do you need to get rid of?
I need to get rid of toxic relationships in my life. If I had listened to your advice, I wouldn't be in this mess.
If he had checked the map, he wouldn't have gotten lost. I believe he is sincere in his offer to help.  And yet many people continue to insist that it doesn't.
If I had gone to the hospital earlier, I would have seen my friend one last time before she died. I'd like to use this space to offer a sincere and formal apology.
I need to get rid of some old clothes. If I were a good cook, I would have invited them to dinner. Penal authorities insist that self-organisation helps rehabilitation by giving prisoners responsibilities.
If I were the king of the world, I would have made you my queen! "The magazine seems to be entirely sincere in its anarchic expressions of disdain toward organized religion. Charles Grant, director of the Centre for European Reform, says they are right to be worried but that the answer is to insist on being in on talks, not withdrawing from them.
I need to get rid of unhealthy habits. Last week, I was famished and I went to my go-to restaurant and I ordered roast beef with a salad which consisted of pickled eggs. It's nearly impossible for consumers to evaluate how healthy a bank is. Obama joined the meeting unexpectedly. Reporters, he wrote, should work from home.
Right now we just want to stay focused, keep the horse happy, healthy. Always taste before bulk buying, and include the odd bottle of one or a number of different wines to sample at your leisure. You have to actually work very hard to stay focussed. He didn't go. It didn't go away. That didn't go anywhere. Luckily, I have a big, red rotary dial phone, so I'm screeching into a lovely, solid chunk of plastic.
As far as I know he was healthy and not on any medication. "I am advised it was worse in apprehension than it was in reality," he said. Among Ukip voters, 66% likewise insist that they are committed to their choice. Cable says no one joined the meeting Rupert Murdoch meets George Osborne in New York.  Mr. Alpert decided to work from home. 
As far as I know he was healthy and not on any medication. "I am advised it was worse in apprehension than it was in reality," he said. Among Ukip voters, 66% likewise insist that they are committed to their choice. Cable says no one joined the meeting Rupert Murdoch meets George Osborne in New York. Can they work from home? They'll let me work from home.
I was ordering a cup of tea when I noticed my friend was sitting in the cafe. The Qataris insist that the increased number of inspectors is starting to have the desired effect, but widespread examples of mistreatment on the ground remain. People didn't go home.  We didn't go there. Lucy didn't go upstairs. Luckily they've split the poll into before-Iowa and after-Iowa.
I ordered a pizza from the restaurant. He was kind enough to give Molby a copy of the tape afterwards so that he could recall it at his leisure at home. They used their student-loan money to rent a modest 3ft-wide workspace on a laboratory bench at the University of Arizona, and occupied it outside normal working hours.
My captain ordered me to mop the floor! The proposal does not go as far as banning EU migrants access to income-related benefits entirely for the first year in the UK, as had previously been suggested. Whether he will stay focussed is another matter. At times, Flynn and others joined the meetings. Luckily the car - with two flat tyres - was found within a day in Hull.
Let's get rid of those.  Our monolithic code has become a white elephant so we've decided to move into microservices. It is, in fact, a city, as my wife said, made for me, and I hope to have leisure to study it better some day". But the company does believe it is pioneering in taking a holistic approach in keeping with its ethos that its product is "the workspace solution".
Is it another white elephant like the Concorde? Cameron's proposal is modelled on the Spanish response to the flow of refugees to the Canary Islands from west Africa. They stand as a team and stay focussed". "It helps me stay focussed on what matters most". Hamas prevented several hundred Fatah delegates in Gaza from travelling to join the meeting.
We wanted to ensure it didn't become a white elephant". Notably, the idea of replacing "Boris bikes" with hoverboards proved more popular than a tech workspace in the centre of the roundabout. I tried to stay focussed. In a rare occurrence, the governor joined the meeting by telephone for its duration. "I've decided to work from home today".
Satellite images show the city, a Unesco world heritage site, before and after missile strikes launched by government forces. "Anyone who is creating anything should read this book, slowly, and savor it" Feld says. He wanted to stay focussed on the main objective — ousting Bush. She said staff continued to work from home.
Its situation must always savor of weakness, sometimes border upon anarchy. Luckily, they had a part-time window cleaner, part-time firefighter living opposite whom they had no idea about. As a mode of critique and change we have taken back our workspace. Luckily, they had a part-time window cleaner, part-time firefighter living opposite whom they had no idea about.
He seemed to want to savor the last steps of the climb, to prolong them as much as possible. There is no evidence of money laundering. While my poems differ in origin and focus from Iain's, they developed in a shared mental workspace of assumptions. When she finished, I joined the meeting for the regular agenda.
He was also held on suspicion of money laundering. However, the proposal may still put the UK at odds with the EU over restrictions on free movement of workers. Much of this comes from groups looking for flats with multiple bedrooms and shared workspace.
There are also acute concerns over money laundering. The proposal is put to California voters as a referendum on 6 November. What matters isn't what they produce but the fact that they get involved in creating something.
In the end, the jury convicted them of money laundering. I got dunked in the water! Warren Gatland, who coached the British and Irish Lions rugby squad, accepted the trophy for the 2013 team of the year. "Tickets are valid on all other routes into London and Southern passengers are advised to avoid travelling through Clapham Junction, which is very busy.
I like to dunk my donuts in my coffee. "He just hasn't got the leadership or influence to craft a more ambitious proposal. More than 9,000 women were involved originally, and were divided into three groups. This newer concept of working memory can be likened to a mental workspace rather than a simple storage device or a conduit into "long-term memory".
The Brits like to dunk their biscuits into their tea. Maradona captained his country to World Cup glory in 1986 and coached Argentina for two years until 2010. Some of those kids are just coached and coached so they get their level fours – they don't get anything else from school. Mellis and his friends were advised to stop paying the mortgage so they weren't seen to be "giving in" to the banks.
Obviously tea isn't tea if you don't dunk a biscuit in it, and academics have even overthought this simple pleasure. "Dreams are predictive in my opinion," she says, adding that "they don't really predict the future, because no one can do that. An official statement read: "Police advised that there were concerns about potential risks to the event, if it took place.
I liked being a helpmeet to people who had always helped me out without hesitation, who had coached me as an intellectual and a teacher. The politicians, coached by their dull and narrow PR folk, trotted out the parrot-learned responses, which we've heard 10,000 times.
What they're on for is "authenticity", a word and concept fashionable in everything from emotions to materials. It's difficult to convey emotions in text, but it comes across immediately in the voice," he said. To do so, she had coached herself in Latin and chemistry, her chosen subject.
Light is an ever-changing entity, and it can bring all kinds of different moods and emotions to a photo. Thus it was able to predict "double-digit" enhancement to earnings in the first year of ownership; if achieved, that would be a good start.
"That's where I finally understood these feelings and emotions going round my head. "Monkeys certainly have emotions and probably the ability to display empathy," Heinrich says. Investments will drop by 5.8% and sales by 1.3%, they predict.
I could not relate to my friend’s misery in breaking up with his girlfriend, as I was still going steady with my first. 
The musician tried to arrange a meeting at the record label, but no one would agree to meet with him. 
Even though his drinking was a problem, no one could convince the alcoholic to get help.  
Unless you turn in your homework, you will not pass this course.  
The general public includes everyone in your society, from the lowest tier to the absolute wealthiest.  

In general, stealing from others is frowned upon, though there may be some corner of the world where it is not.  

While there are many different models of automobiles on the market, we like to use the general term ‘car’ or ‘truck’ to keep things simple.  
Barbara reminded her husband to pay the property tax soon or we will be charged a penalty.  

Mothers usually have to patch their little boys’ pants because they frequently play so rough outside with their friends.  

When we noticed the water droplets coming down from the ceiling due to the heavy rainstorm, we knew we would need to patch the roof to stop the leak.  
The sick woman’s condition will worsen if she doesn’t get the medicine she needs. 
After yelling at the children all day, the mother had lost her voice.  
A human baby is considered an infant until it is about one year old, when it typically starts learning to walk and speak to some extent.  

During their early years, an infant is supposed to receive most of its nutrition by breast feeding from its mother.  

An infant will choose to cry when it is hungry, tired, or in hurting, since it lacks any other means of communication.  

Many parents have trouble caring for an infant for the first time, since they often wake up crying in the middle of the night.  

Because an infant cannot walk or talk, it is very taxing to take care of the young child, which is completely dependent on its parents.  

The criminal was forced to freeze when the police officers leveled their firearms at him in the alley he had run in to.  

The remote control car will freeze in its tracks if the battery on its controller dies while it is being used.  

Applying the brakes to your car will freeze the wheels, preventing them from spinning and helping the car come to a stop.  

In the game ‘Red Light, Green Light,’ players must freeze in place whenever the person orchestrating the contest says ‘red light.’  

The first instinct of a deer when it senses danger is to freeze in place, being so still that the nearby predator might not see it in the foliage of the forest.  

Italy has long been established as a country of good food, probably thanks to their donation of pizza and pasta to the world cuisine.  

The United States and Russia have been long established as rivals, ever since the dawn of the Cold War several decades ago.  

An established family man, Mr. Pearson is often seen as the ideal father that is always spending time with his family.  

The basic laws of physics have been established for a long time, so long that they are considered irrefutable by almost all educated people.  

The United States was established as one of the first bastions of democracy centuries ago, and that reputation as a prime free country still holds true even today. 
The boy heard a voice outside his window and froze until the person stopped talking.  

The speaker’s voice was so quiet that the people couldn’t hear what she was saying.  

Because she was sick, the singer’s voice was shaky and weak when she sang.  

The ghost’s spooky voice traveled through the hallway and scared the haunted house visitors.  
If the weather continues to worsen, we will have to cancel the outdoor party. 
Wendy couldn’t make a dinner decision, so her husband ordered pizza.  

The couple’s choice to divorce was a hard decision for their children to accept.  
After the surgery, the girl will be fitted with a prosthetic leg that will enable her to be active.  
The author’s forthcoming novel will be released next month.  
The model smiled for her close up as the photographer zoomed his camera in carefully.  
Clueless about how to fix the flat, the confused woman called someone who knew about changing tires.  
As a middle school counselor, Mrs. Jackson became aware of a disconcerting trend among the students to repeat whatever was said by their teachers.  
She dropped the bowl and watched as glass shards started to diverge on the kitchen floor.  

A truck driver died last night when his vehicle overturned.
Road vehicles include cars, buses, and trucks.
Tractors are farm vehicles.
The number of thefts of motor vehicles rose by a third last year.
In a racing video game the player takes part in a racing competition with land, air, or sea vehicles.

Love is the intangible bond that keeps my husband and I together.  
My mother had to patch my pants. 
Tom has a patch of gray in his hair. 
You need stitches.
I think Tom needs stitches.
I had to get seven stitches. 
"A stitch in time saves nine" is a proverb.
 A stitch in time saves nine. 
 His jokes had us in stitches. 
 He didn't do a stitch of work.
 Apparently the wound itself only needs a few stitches.
 You'll learn in time that a stitch in time saves nine.
John and I have patched up our troubles. 
Tom is out digging in the cabbage patch. 
Tom was wearing a patch over one of his eyes. 
Tom wore a patch on his eye for several days. 
Patch the call through to my office, will you? 
The last time I saw Tom he was wearing an eye patch. 
It'll take some time, but I think we can patch things up. 
We quarrel a lot, but we always manage to patch things up. 
There were only a few patches of vegetation near the river. 
If you hit a patch of fog, slow down and put your blinkers on. 
When I got out of jail, I wanted to patch up things with my wife. 
We've been through a rough patch, but I hope it will have made us stronger.
After going several days without rest, the tired surgeon fell asleep behind the wheel.  

The energetic toddler was never tired and ran around with vigor from sun up to sun down.  

After boarding their final flight, the tired travelers decided to take a much-needed nap while in the air.  
When a man dies, his intangible soul exits his human form.  

Skydiving provides me with an intangible rush that soars through my body.  

Even though enthusiasm is intangible, it can still trigger physical change.  

My mother was a wonderful teacher who taught her students to value their intangible achievements as much as their trophies.  

Because the Internet is intangible, no one can actually touch it.  

The canvassers were to start on the same street corner and diverge throughout the neighborhood.  

Knowing that everyone would diverge after graduation, she was worried that she would not see her friends anymore.  

In an effort to win the war, the General instructed his troops to diverge from their hiding spot to surround the enemy.  
The canvassers were to start on the same street corner and diverge throughout the neighborhood.  

Knowing that everyone would diverge after graduation, she was worried that she would not see her friends anymore.  

In an effort to win the war, the General instructed his troops to diverge from their hiding spot to surround the enemy.  
I couldn’t shake the disconcerting feeling that I was being watched.  
Adam may profess he is a man of God, but his extramarital affair proves otherwise.  
If not for the president’s perseverance against his political rivals, the healthcare initiative would never have been enacted.  

The veteran’s story of how he survived captivity was a narrative of perseverance and hope.  

Even though Rick’s legs were burning and throbbing, his perseverance took him to the triathlon’s finish line.  

The physical therapist told Henry that with determination and perseverance he would walk again.
While Matt was quick to profess his loyalty for his country, he refused to sign up for military service.  

My daughter will profess she is feeling okay in order to avoid going to the doctor.  
In order to dodge the ball that came my way during gym class, I had to shift my body to the right to avoid it.  

Many people do not like to stand completely still, so they shift their bodies from side to side while they do so.  

I am going to shift this picture on my wall two inches to the left, where I think it will look better in the rest of the room.  

Because it was just trying to get used to its new collar, the vet told me that the puppy’s disconcerting behavior was nothing to be concerned about.  

A homeless person is a modern day vagabond.  
In an attempt to disprove the lies of my rival, I searched for evidence that would support what I knew to be true.  
The volume of a passing jet is loud enough to rattle homes and shake windows, especially if they are flying low.  
The best way to disrupt the thought process of someone who is focusing is to force a sudden and unexpected disturbance upon them.  

If you gush too much about one person everyone will think you are obsessed with them for always singing their praises.  

The most irritating fans of celebrities gush about them all the time, talking about them in every conversation and lauding them for simply existing.  

It is completely normal for a parent to gush about their child from time to time, especially when they are performing well and truly do deserve some recognition.  

As the boy walked into his favorite teacher’s classroom, he realized that it was a perk to have his best friend in the same class with him.  

After witnessing the stress placed on a president, having access to a personal chef seemed to be the best perk of the job.  

The Hawks were a solid team for the tournament, but the perk for them was getting to play every tournament game on their home field.  

Many people like to childishly disrupt someone who is counting by saying random numbers to throw them off.  
Many soldiers that fought in World War Two struggled with hearing loss after returning home because the volume of gunfire on the battlefield was so loud.  

The volume of explosions is often underestimated because they seem moderate in movies, but real explosions are extremely loud and can deafen you with ease.  

At one point in the past, scientists had to disprove the widely held belief that the world was flat, which is strange considering how obvious that is to us today.  

If you want to disprove a story told by another person you will need evidence to convince everyone that it is untrue.  
You may say that you feel under the weather if you have a cold or a fever, which often instill an overall sense of fatigue.  
Some people consider sweet foods to be fragrant, but other people that do not like the way they smell may find them unpleasant instead.  

I find the pleasant smell of candles to be fragrant, though there are some candles that have repulsive or distasteful smells too.  

The fragrant aroma of perfume is often worn by women that wish to be presentable in public and the people around them.  
Nothing makes me feel more under the weather than being nauseous, because it makes me feel downright miserable.  
It would be rather irritating to wear your belt on your hips, which is why we wear a belt around our waist instead.  
The river terminus is positioned close to the park, causing flooding from time to time.  
Her shelves were filled with various books from medical dictionaries to popular fiction and everything between.  

The donut shop sold various flavors and textures and shapes, from simple strawberry frosted to glazed chocolate banana.  

The vegan cafe offered various soups, salads, and sandwiches, all served without eggs, cheese, milk, or meat.  
Although the terminus of the road is not shown on the map, locals realize that the street is a dead end.  

Serving as a railroad terminus, the once busy junction point is now a ghost town.  
The waist of a human is just above their hips, but also below their rib cage, making it a rather vaguely placed part of the body.  

People are often considered to put their hands on their hips, but usually their hands are placed on their waist just above their hips.  
My coworker was feeling under the weather today, so he called in sick to work and didn’t come in.  
Layla became a vagabond as she backpacked across Europe with a job or place to call home.  

The traveling vagabond wandered through the forest without a destination and lived off the land.  
The clueless student struggled through the test and knew very few of the answers.  

Although he pretended to be clueless, the lazy boy actually knew a lot about how to repair things around the house.  
Although several shots were taken from a distance, the close up of the waterfall was the most moving picture of all.  

The reporter was brought-in for a close up interview where he was only recorded from the neck up.
Once the investigation is complete, additional charges against the suspect will be forthcoming.  
Logic told the owner not buy the expensive car, but he went against his good judgement.  
A new person was hired to manage the newsstand and make sure sales increase.  
My wife’s new vehicle came with a manual that explained all of its features.  
Students should not write outside the margin but instead stay inside the lines.  

Because the product rating is right on the margin of safety, some people think it shouldn’t be sold.  

The politician won the election by a close margin of just a few votes.  
Before the students took the exam, their teacher read them the instructions out of a paper manual.  

Lydia built the bookshelf by following the step-by-step instructions in the manual.  
The freshman college student will have to learn how to manage his studies and to work at the same time.  

A few weeks ago, the couple hired a travel agent to manage their vacation plans.  
The math genius used logic and a special formula to solve the difficult equation.  
Getting into the exclusive college is a long shot, but I’ve decided to take the risk and apply anyway.  
My main job at work is to answer phone calls from customers with questions.  
The song is popular with pop fans who listen to mainstream music.  

Harrison’s family doesn’t practice the mainstream religion that is common in his town.  

We have decided to homeschool our son instead of exposing him to mainstream education like most children.  
Ava entered the school through the main entrance at the center of the school.  

After the previews, the main movie that people came to the theater to see will play.  
Betting on the new horse is a gamble, but hopefully this risky long shot will pay off.  

The mediocre team was a long shot but surprisingly made the playoffs this year.  
When she gets too emotional, the woman’s logic disappears and she makes irrational decisions.  
The singer’s forthcoming album will feature many of her own songs.  

So many people are upset about the jury’s verdict that the police chief predicts riots will be forthcoming.  
The company will be in ruins if we deplete our financial resources.  
How can you dispute the fact you ate my slice of cake when you have frosting on your face?  

Jason will dispute his guilty verdict in the appellate court.  
My distinct work experience makes me the best candidate for the job.  

Because of the chef’s distinct cooking style, his food is easily identified in a taste test.  

Everyone’s DNA is distinct and unique.  

When we sort the items, we place them in one of eight distinct categories.  
Because I was not speeding, I plan to dispute the ticket I received.  

Kelly has requested a meeting to dispute her suspension from the volleyball team.  
My wife’s numerous shopping sprees are starting to deplete our family bank account.  

If the lads deplete their water supply, they will not be able to make it out of the desert.  

The decrease in law enforcement funding will enable criminals to freely commit offenses.  
Jake was arrested for committing domestic violence against his spouse.  
The police officer could not interpret the deaf woman’s gestures.  

On the trip, we needed a guide to interpret the foreign language for us.  
As we walked through the jungle, we had to cut our way through the dense vegetation.  

I felt as though I barely had room to breathe in the dense crowd.  

On Christmas Eve, the mall is usually dense with last minute shoppers.  
The psychic claims she can interpret my dreams.  

Because the chart was not drawn correctly, the data is hard to interpret.  
Because the rich bachelor knew nothing about domestic matters, his house was managed by his housekeeper.  
My husband and I requested a secluded room in the restaurant so we could have an intimate dinner.  

When the candles were lit, they gave the room an intimate mood.  

Not only are Rick and I coworkers, but we also have an intimate relationship that we keep to ourselves.  
Once Heather got married, she happily settled into domestic bliss as a homemaker.  
Because social media websites enable individuals to share news quickly, the demand for newspapers is low.  
The career criminal made the decision to leave a life of crime for many years.  
A platoon of soldiers train hard for the sole purpose of working together to achieve the objectives put before them by their commanders.  
The price of my friendship is little more than the kindness of someone who wishes to be my friend in the first place.  
The radio was broken, but a talented technician managed to rig it to work with spare parts he found in the workshop.  
A lost dog will likely roam from place to place, aimlessly searching for the master it has been separated from.  
The farmers export their surplus crops to many nations.  
In school, the courtesy award is given to the student with the best behavior.  
The government wants to raise taxes to decrease the budget deficit.  

Since the Smiths spend more money than they earn, their bank account has a huge deficit.  

School funding should not be reduced in order to lower the country’s financial deficit.  
Today’s teenagers are rude and do not show courtesy to their elders.  

If you treat people with courtesy, they will be nice to you.  

As a courtesy, please do not talk while the flight attendant explains safety instructions.  
Because of the embargo, our country will not accept any products neighboring countries export to us.  

The Hawaiian farmers export pineapples to countries around the globe.  
Will little to do until it was time to head back home, I decided to roam around the carnival and simply see what they had available.  
It was difficult to rig the car battery to work out in the middle of nowhere, but thankfully someone drove by after an hour or so and he managed to jumpstart our vehicle.  
Even though fruit will grow on a tree long before it is ready to eat, you must wait for it to ripen before it can be picked and consumed.  

If you want to somewhat accelerate the growth process of fruit, you can have it ripen a little faster by storing them at room temperature for a few days.  

Some pinecones do not fully ripen until their second year of growth, so they stay closed on their trees for a long time.  
I decided to rig my paintball gun with a scope, but my brother said paintballs were so inaccurate that such a modification was pointless.  
In some societies, the price of a product can be negotiated by the buyer, though it is unlikely that the vendor will lower it too much.  
The actors had one last rehearsal the night before the big play, since they wanted to be absolutely sure that they were prepared for their big performance.  
When renovators take on a low quality home, they do everything in their power to revamp it and make it desirable for homebuyers today.  

My Dad was always interested in old cars, and he would often revamp them to be able to drive on modern roads.  
The orchestra had to endure more than one rehearsal before the night of their performance, since they were playing for very wealthy patrons and had to be as perfect as they could manage.  

A rehearsal is essentially just a practice round for actors and performers to undergo so they can prepare for the day they have a real audience watching them.  

The price of a new home will often depend on how good your credit is, since you will have to pay more interest on a cash loan if your credit is poor.  
A sports team can be viewed as a platoon, since it is many capable members working together to achieve a victory over their opponents.  

A company can be considered a very large platoon, made up of hundreds of people working together for profit or some other goal.  

A platoon of soldiers will often be assigned to the same objective so they can work together to achieve it with maximum efficiency.  

After the banker looked over the paperwork, he made the decision to approve the loan.  
The invariable truth of nuclear firepower is that the entire world will be destroyed if the powers of the world ever launch their arsenals at one another.  

The invariable economy of the world has and will likely always use hard currency no matter how far technology advances, since hard cash has many distinct advantages along the lines of portability and ease of use.  
The reason it is dangerous to drive while under the influence of alcohol is because the substance will affect your perception of the physical world around you, greatly increasing your chances of a crash.  

Hallucinogens negatively affect your perception by causing you to see and hear things that aren’t really happening, which can be dangerous in many environments.  
Both Italy and Switzerland are within the locality of the Alps, since the mountain range stretches so far across Europe.  

The ‘East coast’ of the United States is a specific locality that people tend to identify as being one large zone or area of rough similarity.  

Many fruits and vegetables, such as apples or bananas, were originally grown in just one locality, but they were soon brought to the entire world through shipping and trade.  

Fauna and Flora were often originally unique to one locality, but they have moved to other parts of the world over time.  

War is invariable, and no matter how much time passes it will always manage to bring out the absolute worst traits that humanity has to offer.  

At an early age, Alex made the decision to become a ballet dancer.  
It can be dangerous to introduce a foreign species to an ecosystem, as an invasive species can upset the balance between predator and prey or even the food chain for herbivores.  

Doctors often introduce a weaker version of a virus to a patient’s bloodstream so their body can begin to build up resistance to the real deal.  

There are many substances that you should not introduce to each other, chief among them fire and gasoline, as well as oil and water.  

A wreck on the interstate will worsen already backed up midday traffic. 

Pollution coming from the factory will worsen the air quality in the city. 

If you continue to miss your bill payments, your credit rating will worsen. 

Filled with rage, the angered man punched a hole in the wall of the rental house which he would have to patch before moving to a new residence.  

A flat tire is expensive to replace, so usually you can patch the tear in the tread with a product from an auto parts store.  

With a space of dirt in the green lawn, the gardener decided to patch the gap with a piece of square sod.  

Because there are so many types of organisms in the world, we divide them into large general groups, such as mammal, amphibian, and reptile.  
In an effort to impress his girlfriend, the boy tried to show off his skills and talent in the football game he played with his friends.  
When the prosecutor asked the witness on the stand a complex question, there was a long pause before he answered.  
If you try to show off to someone, you will likely embarrass yourself even further if you make a mistake.  
The latest figures show the numbers of overseas tourists are still falling.  
The police officer stated that a passerby noticed a damaged empty vehicle in a ditch and reported it.  
As the driver of a car tried to overtake a tractor trailer on a busy highway, he couldn’t complete the pass and moved back behind him.  
Paula said to Ben, “We only owe $900 on our car and we need to pay it off when we receive our tax refund.”  
I wanted to prove that I was better than my brother, so I would show off by flaunting my superior grades around my parents.  
Mountain climbers often carry oxygen bottles on high altitude climbs to prevent hypoxia, a rapid condition which weakens your body.  
Someone that likes to show off to everyone around them is often regarded as an attention seeker that should be ignored.  

Young children are prone to try and show off to their parents because they enjoy getting their undivided attention.  
The general term ‘person’ is used to refer to others when we don’t feel like going into detail on their characreristics.  
The attorney is prepared to take the case all the way to trial unless a plea deal is struck.  

Unless you pay your fee by tomorrow, you will not be allowed to attend camp.  

Unless there has been a change in the forecast, it will rain all of tomorrow afternoon.  

The girl cannot attend the rated R movie unless someone over 18 goes with her.  
I tried to convince my friend to wear the red dress instead of the blue since it looked more flattering.  

Protesters tried to convince the congressman to vote against the bill through loud protests and moving letters.  

Try as she might, the woman could not convince her husband to take her on a vacation.  

The police tried to convince the deranged man to put the gun down so that no one would get hurt.
Since our maid quit, I will need to arrange for a new housecleaner to come by. 

The shy young man wanted to arrange a date with his crush, but was afraid to ask her out. 

More people will come if you arrange weekend events instead of weekday. 

I couldn’t arrange to pick up my package since the post office was closed when I called. 



An author should always try to create a protagonist that their readers can relate to, so they can feel personally invested in the main character’s success. 

You can only really relate to someone if you have experienced the same thing that they have, though that doesn’t prevent you from feeling empathy for their situation. 

Having lost my own pet at a young age, I could relate to the young boy whose dog had gotten lost in the woods. 

My friend and I relate to each other so well because we have both lived similar childhoods, out in the country working on farms. 

It was the hunter's first time outside Montana. He woke, stricken still with the hours-old vision of ascending through rose-lit cumulus, of houses and barns like specks deep in the snowed-in valleys, all the scrolling country below looking December—brown and black hills streaked with snow, flashes of iced-over lakes, the long braids of a river gleaming at the bottom of a canyon. Above the wing the sky had deepened to a blue so pure he knew it would bring tears to his eyes if he looked long enough.

Now it was dark. The airplane descended over Chicago, its galaxy of electric lights, the vast neighborhoods coming clearer as the plane glided toward the airport—streetlights, headlights, stacks of buildings, ice rinks, a truck turning at a stoplight, scraps of snow atop a warehouse and winking antennae on faraway hills, finally the long converging parallels of blue runway lights, and they were down.

He walked into the airport, past the banks of monitors. Already he felt as if he'd lost something, some beautiful perspective, some lovely dream fallen away. He had come to Chicago to see his wife, whom he had not seen in twenty years. She was there to perform her magic for a higher-up at the state university. Even universities, apparently, were interested in what she could do. Outside the terminal the sky was thick and gray and hurried by wind. Snow was coming. A woman from the university met him and escorted him to her Jeep. He kept his gaze out the window.

They were in the car for forty-five minutes, passing first the tall, lighted architecture of downtown, then naked suburban oaks, heaps of ploughed snow, gas stations, power towers, and telephone wires. The woman said, "So you regularly attend your wife's performances?"

"No," he said. "Never before."

She parked in the driveway of an elaborate modern mansion, with square balconies suspended over two garages, huge triangular windows in the façade, sleek columns, domed lights, a steep shale roof.

Inside the front door about thirty nametags were laid out on a table. His wife was not there yet. No one, apparently, was there yet. He found his tag and pinned it to his sweater. A silent girl in a tuxedo appeared and disappeared with his coat.

The granite foyer was backed with a grand staircase, which spread wide at the bottom and tapered at the top. A woman came down. She stopped four or five steps from the bottom and said, "Hello, Anne" to the woman who had driven him there and "You must be Mr. Dumas" to him. He took her hand, a pale, bony thing, weightless, like a featherless bird.

Her husband, the university's chancellor, was just knotting his bow tie, she said, and she laughed sadly to herself, as if bow ties were something she disapproved of. The hunter moved to a window, shifted aside the curtain, and peered out.

In the poor light he could see a wooden deck the length of the house, angled and stepped, its width ever changing, with a low rail. Beyond it, in the blue shadows, a small pond lay encircled by hedges, with a marble birdbath at its center. Behind the pond stood leafless trees—oaks, maples, a sycamore as white as bone. A helicopter shuttled past, its green light winking.

"It's snowing," he said.

"Is it?" the hostess asked, with an air of concern, perhaps false. It was impossible to tell what was sincere and what was not. The woman who had driven him there had moved to the bar, where she cradled a drink and stared into the carpet.

He let the curtain fall back. The chancellor came down the staircase. Other guests fluttered in. A man in gray corduroy, with "Bruce Maples" on his nametag, approached him. "Mr. Dumas," he said, "your wife isn't here yet?"

"You know her?" the hunter asked. "Oh, no," Maples said, and shook his head. "No, I don't." He spread his legs and swiveled his hips as if stretching before a footrace. "But I've read about her."

The hunter watched as a tall, remarkably thin man stepped through the front door. Hollows behind his jaw and beneath his eyes made him appear ancient and skeletal—as if he were visiting from some other, leaner world. The chancellor approached the thin man, embraced him, and held him for a moment.

"That's President O'Brien," Maples said. "A famous man, actually, to people who follow those sorts of things. So terrible, what happened to his family." Maples stabbed the ice in his drink with his straw.

For the first time the hunter began to think he should not have come.

"Have you read your wife's books?" Maples asked.

The hunter nodded.

"In her poems her husband is a hunter."

"I guide hunters." He was looking out the window to where snow was settling on the hedges.

"Does that ever bother you?"

"What?"

"Killing animals. For a living, I mean."

The hunter watched snowflakes disappear as they touched the window. Was that what hunting meant to people? Killing animals? He put his fingers to the glass. "No," he said. "It doesn't bother me."

The hunter met his wife in Great Falls, Montana, in the winter of 1972. That winter arrived all at once—you could watch it come. Twin curtains of white appeared in the north, white all the way to the sky, driving south like the end of all things. Cattle galloped the fencelines, bawling. Trees toppled; a barn roof tumbled over the highway. The river changed directions. The wind flung thrushes screaming into the gorse and impaled them on the thorns in grotesque attitudes.

She was a magician's assistant, beautiful, fifteen years old, an orphan. It was not a new story: a glittery red dress, long legs, a traveling magic show performing in the meeting hall at the Central Christian Church. The hunter had been walking past with an armful of groceries when the wind stopped him in his tracks and drove him into the alley behind the church. He had never felt such wind; it had him pinned. His face was pressed against a low window, and through it he could see the show. The magician was a small man in a dirty blue cape. Above him a sagging banner read THE GREAT VESPUCCI. But the hunter watched only the girl; she was graceful, young, smiling. Like a wrestler, the wind held him against the window.

The magician was buckling the girl into a plywood coffin, which was painted garishly with red and blue bolts of lightning. Her neck and head stuck out at one end, her ankles and feet at the other. She beamed; no one had ever before smiled so broadly at being locked into a coffin. The magician started up an electric saw and brought it noisily down through the center of the box, sawing her in half. Then he wheeled her apart, her legs going one way, her torso another. Her neck fell back, her smile faded, her eyes showed only white. The lights dimmed. A child screamed. Wiggle your toes, the magician ordered, flourishing his magic wand, and she did; her disembodied toes wiggled in glittery high-heeled pumps. The audience squealed with delight.

The hunter watched her pink, fine-boned face, her hanging hair, her outstretched throat. Her eyes caught the spotlight. Was she looking at him? Did she see his face pressed against the window, the wind slashing at his neck, the groceries—onions, a sack of flour—tumbled to the ground around his feet?

She was beautiful to him in a way that nothing else had ever been beautiful. Snow blew down his collar and drifted around his boots. After some time the magician rejoined the severed box halves, unfastened the buckles, and fluttered his wand, and she was whole again. She climbed out of the box and curtsied in her glittering dress. She smiled as if it were the Resurrection itself.

Then the storm brought down a pine tree in front of the courthouse, and the power winked out, streetlight by streetlight. Before she could move, before the ushers could begin escorting the crowd out with flashlights, the hunter was slinking into the hall, making for the stage, calling for her.

He was thirty years old, twice her age. She smiled at him, leaned over from the dais in the red glow of the emergency exit lights, and shook her head. "Show's over," she said. In his pickup he trailed the magician's van through the blizzard to her next show, a library fundraiser in Butte. The next night he followed her to Missoula. He rushed to the stage after each performance. "Just eat dinner with me," he'd plead. "Just tell me your name." It was hunting by persistence. She said yes in Bozeman. Her name was plain, Mary Roberts. They had rhubarb pie in a hotel restaurant.

"I know how you do it," he said. "The feet in the box are dummies. You hold your legs against your chest and wiggle the dummy feet with a string."

She laughed. "Is that what you do? Follow a girl from town to town to tell her her magic isn't real?"

"No," he said. "I hunt."

"And when you're not hunting?"

"I dream about hunting."

She laughed again. "It's not funny," he said.

"You're right," she said, and smiled. "It's not funny. I'm that way with magic. I dream about it. Even when I'm not asleep."

He looked into his plate, thrilled. He searched for something he might say. They ate.

"But I dream bigger dreams, you know," she said afterward, after she had eaten two pieces of pie, carefully, with a spoon. Her voice was quiet and serious. "I have magic inside of me. I'm not going to get sawed in half by Tony Vespucci all my life."

"I don't doubt it," the hunter said.

"I knew you'd believe me," she said.

But the next winter Vespucci brought her back to Great Falls and sawed her in half in the same plywood coffin. And the winter after that. Both times, after the performance, the hunter took her to the Bitterroot Diner, where he watched her eat two pieces of pie. The watching was his favorite part: a hitch in her throat as she swallowed, the way the spoon slid cleanly out from her lips, the way her hair fell over her ear.

Then she was eighteen, and after pie she let him drive her to his cabin, forty miles from Great Falls, up the Missouri and then east into the Smith River valley. She brought only a small vinyl purse. The truck skidded and sheered as he steered it over the unploughed roads, fishtailing in the deep snow, but she didn't seem afraid or worried about where he might be taking her, about the possibility that the truck might sink in a drift, that she might freeze to death in her pea coat and glittery magician's-assistant dress. Her breath plumed out in front of her. It was twenty degrees below zero. Soon the roads would be snowed over, impassable until spring.

At his one-room cabin, with furs and old rifles on the walls, he unbolted the door to the crawl space and showed her his winter hoard: a hundred smoked trout, plucked pheasants and venison quarters hanging frozen from hooks. "Enough for two of me," he said. She scanned his books over the fireplace—a monograph on grouse habits, a series of journals on upland game birds, a thick tome titled simply Bear. "Are you tired?" he asked. "Would you like to see something?" He gave her a snowsuit, strapped her boots into a pair of leather snowshoes, and took her to hear the grizzly. She wasn't bad on snowshoes, a little clumsy. They went creaking over wind-scalloped snow in the nearly unbearable cold.

The bear denned every winter in the same hollow cedar, the top of which had been shorn off by a storm. Black, three-fingered, and huge, in the starlight it resembled a skeletal hand thrust up from the ground, a ghoulish visitor scrabbling its way out of the underworld. They knelt. Above them the stars were knife points, hard and white. "Put your ear here," he whispered. The breath that carried his words crystallized and blew away. They listened, face-to-face, their ears over woodpecker holes in the trunk. She heard it after a minute, tuning her ears in to something like a drowsy sigh, a long exhalation of slumber. Her eyes widened. A full minute passed. She heard it again.

"We can see him," he whispered, "but we have to be dead quiet. Grizzlies are light hibernators. Sometimes all you do is step on twigs outside their dens and they're up."

He began to dig at the snow. She stood back, her mouth open, eyes wide. Bent at the waist, the hunter bailed the snow back through his legs. He dug down three feet and then encountered a smooth, icy crust covering a large hole in the base of the tree. Gently he dislodged plates of ice and lifted them aside. From the hole the smell of bear came to her, like wet dog, like wild mushrooms. The hunter removed some leaves. Beneath was a shaggy flank, a patch of brown fur.

"He's on his back," the hunter whispered. "This is his belly. His forelegs must be up here somewhere." He pointed to a place higher on the trunk.

She put one hand on his shoulder and knelt in the snow beside the den. Her eyes were wide and unblinking. Her jaw hung open. Above her shoulder a star separated itself from a galaxy and melted through the sky. "I want to touch him," she said. Her voice sounded loud and out of place in that wood, under the naked cedars.

"Hush," he whispered. He shook his head no.

"Just for a minute."

"No," he hissed. "You're crazy." He tugged at her arm. She removed the mitten from her other hand with her teeth and reached down. He pulled at her again but lost his footing and fell back, clutching an empty mitten. As he watched, horrified, she turned and placed both hands, spread-fingered, in the thick shag of the bear's chest. Then she lowered her face, as if drinking from the snowy hollow, and pressed her lips to the bear's chest. Her entire head was inside the tree. She felt the soft silver tips of fur brush her cheeks. Against her nose one huge rib flexed slightly. She heard the lungs fill and then empty. She heard blood slug through veins.

"Want to know what he dreams?" she asked. Her voice echoed up through the tree and poured from the shorn ends of its hollowed branches. The hunter took his knife from his coat. "Summer," her voice echoed. "Blackberries. Trout. Dredging his flanks across river pebbles."

"I'd have liked," she said later, back in the cabin as he built up the fire, "to crawl all the way down there with him. Get into his arms. I'd grab him by the ears and kiss him on the eyes."

The hunter watched the fire, the flames cutting and sawing, each log a burning bridge. Three years he had waited for this. Three years he had dreamed this girl by his fire. But somehow it had ended up different from what he had imagined. He had thought it would be like a hunt—like waiting hours beside a wallow with his rifle barrel on his pack to see the huge antlered head of a bull elk loom up against the sky, to hear the whole herd behind him inhale and then scatter down the hill. If you had your opening you shot and walked the animal down and that was it. But this felt different. It was exactly as if he were still three years younger, stopped outside the Central Christian Church and driven against a low window by the wind or some other, greater force.

"Stay with me," he whispered to her, to the fire. "Stay the winter."

Bruce Maples stood beside him, jabbing the ice in his drink with his straw. "I'm in athletics," he offered. "I run the athletic department here."

"You mentioned that."

"Did I? I don't remember. I used to coach track. Hurdles."

The hunter was watching the thin, stricken man, President O'Brien, as he stood in the corner of the reception room. Every few minutes a couple of guests made their way to him and took O'Brien's hands in their own.

"You probably know," the hunter told Maples, "that wolves are hurdlers. Sometimes the people who track them will come to a snag and the prints will disappear. As if the entire pack just leaped into a tree and vanished. Eventually they'll find the tracks again, thirty or forty feet away. People used to think it was magic—flying wolves. But all they did was jump. One great coordinated leap."

Maples was looking around the room. "Huh," he said. "I wouldn't know about that."

She stayed. The first time they made love, she shouted so loudly that coyotes climbed onto the roof and howled down the chimney. He rolled off her, sweating. The coyotes coughed and chuckled all night, like children chattering in the yard, and he had nightmares. "Last night you had three dreams, and you dreamed you were a wolf each time," she whispered. "You were mad with hunger and running under the moon."

Had he dreamed that? He couldn't remember. Maybe he talked in his sleep.

In December it never got warmer than fifteen below. The river froze—something he'd never seen. On Christmas Eve he drove all the way to Helena to buy her figure skates. In the morning they wrapped themselves head-to-toe in furs and went out to skate the river. She held him by the hips and they glided through the blue dawn, skating up the frozen coils and shoals, beneath the leafless alders and cottonwoods, only the bare tips of creek willows showing above the snow. Ahead of them vast white stretches of river faded into darkness.

In a wind-polished bend they came upon a dead heron, frozen by its ankles into the ice. It had tried to hack itself out, hammering with its beak first at the ice entombing its feet and then at its own thin and scaly legs. When it finally died, it died upright, wings folded back, beak parted in some final, desperate cry, legs like twin reeds rooted in the ice.

She fell to her knees beside the bird. In its eye she saw her face flatly reflected. "It's dead," the hunter said. "Come on. You'll freeze too."

"No," she said. She slipped off her mitten and closed the heron's beak in her fist. Almost immediately her eyes rolled back in her head. "Oh, wow," she moaned. "I can feel her." She stayed like that for whole minutes, the hunter standing over her, feeling the cold come up his legs, afraid to touch her as she knelt before the bird. Her hand turned white and then blue in the wind. Finally she stood. "We have to bury it," she said.

That night she lay stiff and would not sleep. "It was just a bird," he said, unsure of what was bothering her but bothered by it himself. "We can't do anything for a dead bird. It was good that we buried it, but tomorrow something will find it and dig it out."

She turned to him. Her eyes were wide. He remembered how they had looked when she put her hands on the bear. "When I touched her," she said, "I saw where she went."

"What?"

I saw where she went when she died. She was on the shore of a lake with other herons, a hundred others, all facing the same direction, and they were wading among stones. It was dawn, and they watched the sun come up over the trees on the other side of the lake. I saw it as clearly as if I were there."

He rolled onto his back and watched shadows shift across the ceiling. "Winter is getting to you," he said. He resolved to make sure she went out every day. It was something he'd long believed: go out every day in winter, or your mind will slip. Every winter the paper was full of stories about ranchers' wives, snowed in and crazed with cabin fever, who had dispatched their husbands with cleavers or awls.

Winter threw itself at the cabin. He took her out every day. He showed her a thousand ladybugs hibernating in an orange ball hung in a riverbank hollow; a pair of dormant frogs buried in frozen mud, their blood crystallized until spring. He pried a globe of honeybees from its hive, slow-buzzing, stunned from the sudden exposure, tightly packed around the queen, each bee shimmying for warmth. When he placed the globe in her hands, she fainted, her eyes rolled back. Lying there, she saw all their dreams at once, the winter reveries of scores of worker bees, each one fiercely vivid: bright trails through thorns to a clutch of wild roses, honey tidily brimming a hundred combs.

With each day she learned more about what she could do. She felt a foreign and keen sensitivity bubbling in her blood, as if a seed planted long ago were just now sprouting. The larger the animal, the more powerfully it could shake her. The recently dead were virtual mines of visions, casting them off with a slow-fading strength as if cutting a long series of tethers one by one. She pulled off her mittens and touched everything she could: bats, salamanders, a cardinal chick tumbled from its nest, still warm. Ten hibernating garter snakes coiled beneath a rock, eyelids sealed, tongues stilled. Each time she touched a frozen insect, a slumbering amphibian, anything just dead, her eyes rolled back and its visions, its heaven, went shivering through her body.

Their first winter passed like that. When he looked out the cabin window, he saw wolf tracks crossing the river, owls hunting from the trees, six feet of snow like a quilt ready to be thrown off. She saw burrowed dreamers nestled under roots against the long twilight, their dreams rippling into the sky like auroras.

With love still lodged in his heart like a splinter, he married her in the first muds of spring.

Bruce Maples gasped when the hunter's wife finally arrived. She moved through the door like a show horse, demure in the way she kept her eyes down, but assured in her step; she brought each tapered heel down and struck it against the granite. The hunter had not seen his wife for twenty years, and she had changed—become refined, less wild, and somehow, to the hunter, worse for it. Her face had wrinkled around the eyes, and she moved as if avoiding contact with anything near her, as if the hall table or the closet door might suddenly lunge forward to snatch at her lapels. She wore no jewelry, no wedding ring, only a plain black suit, double-breasted.

She found her nametag on the table and pinned it to her lapel. Everyone in the reception room looked at her and then looked away. The hunter realized that she, not President O'Brien, was the guest of honor. In a sense they were courting her. This was their way, the chancellor's way—a silent bartender, tuxedoed coat girls, big icy drinks. Give her pie, the hunter thought. Rhubarb pie. Show her a sleeping grizzly.

They sat for dinner at a narrow and very long table, fifteen or so high-backed chairs down each side and one at each end. The hunter was seated several places away from his wife. She looked over at him finally, a look of recognition, of warmth, and then looked away again. He must have seemed old to her—he must always have seemed old to her. She did not look at him again.

The kitchen staff, in starched whites, brought onion soup, scampi, poached salmon. Around the hunter guests spoke in half whispers about people he did not know. He kept his eyes on the windows and the blowing snow beyond.

The river thawed and drove huge saucers of ice toward the Missouri. The hunter felt that old stirring, that quickening in his soul, and would rise in the wide pink dawns, grab his fly rod, and hurry down to the river. Already trout were rising through the chill brown water to take the first insects of spring. Soon the telephone in the cabin was ringing with calls from clients, and his guiding season was on.

In April an occasional client wanted a mountain lion or a trip with dogs for birds, but late spring and summer were for trout. He was out every morning before dawn, driving with a thermos of coffee to pick up a lawyer, a widower, a politician with a penchant for wild cutthroat. He came home stinking of fish guts and woke her with eager stories—native trout leaping fifteen-foot cataracts, a stubborn rainbow wedged under a snag.

By June she was bored and lonely. She wandered through the forest, but never very far. The summer woods were dense and busy, not like the quiet graveyard feel of winter. Nothing slept for very long; everything was emerging from cocoons, winging about, buzzing, multiplying, having litters, gaining weight. Bear cubs splashed in the river. Chicks screamed for worms. She longed for the stillness of winter, the long slumber, the bare sky, the bone-on-bone sound of bull elk knocking their antlers against trees.

In September the big-game hunters came. Each client wanted something different: elk, antelope, a bull moose, a doe. They wanted to see grizzlies, track a wolverine, shoot sandhill cranes. They wanted the heads of seven-by-seven royal bulls for their dens. Every few days he came home smelling of blood, with stories of stupid clients, of the Texan who sat, wheezing, too out of shape to get to the top of a hill for his shot. A bloodthirsty New Yorker claimed he wanted only to photograph black bears; then he pulled a pistol from his boot and fired wildly at two cubs and their mother. Nightly she scrubbed blood out of the hunter's coveralls, watched it fade from rust to red to rose in a basin filled with river water.

She began to sleep, taking long afternoon naps, three hours or more. Sleep, she learned, was a skill like any other, like getting sawed in half and reassembled, or like divining visions from a dead robin. She taught herself to sleep despite heat, despite noise. Insects flung themselves at the screens, hornets sped down the chimney, the sun angled hot and urgent through the southern windows; still she slept. When he came home each autumn night, exhausted, forearms stained with blood, she was hours into sleep. Outside, the wind was already stripping leaves from the cottonwoods—too soon, he thought. He'd take her sleeping hand. Both of them lived in the grip of forces they had no control over—the October wind, the revolutions of the earth.
He continued to take a keen interest in art and science.

Her first shed allocation was Salisbury, where she worked the south western main line.
He wasn't too keen on the idea when she first told him about it.

This is known as your quota allocation and it is used to control the amount of disk space that you have available.
She kept a keen eye out for the same kind of weed and was surprised at how much they found.

She climbed onto the vehicle and settled on the soft cushion.
I'm headed to the coast this weekend.

It says it's an island off the coast of Ireland.

There's nothing like it in old paintings, nothing like it in foreign lands--unless when we were off the coast of Spain.
Are you a glamour queen even when it gets a bit nippy out?

Folks around here tend to wear gloves in the winter when it gets that nippy.
Our motel was at least five or six miles up the coast highway through town.

He apparently owned several buildings he was leasing out on the coast - warehouses, maybe?
She gripped the steering wheel as the vehicle plunged down a steep hill.

I was thinking about buying a new vehicle and wondered if we had the money, so I looked at his financial information on the computer.

There's a chance it might be the vehicle we're looking for.

As if on cue, the sound of a vehicle starting broke the silence.
He was a fine horseman and keen hunter.


New friends gathered round him who took a keen interest in his researches.
The one drawback to this method is the inability to customize the colors and size of the hummingbird to suit your tastes.

One drawback is that presenters can't hide their desktop icons or specific applications, but program controls can be hidden by each attendee at one click.

One drawback of this method is that each grocery store has a different layout.

A drawback of most diet programs includes the measuring, weighing, determining portion size and buying special ingredients.
He bought a ton of stuff.

Who bought the orange juice with fur in it?

Grasso bought a dark blue van on the Internet and the guy delivered it here.

Deidre bought the lights she'd wanted for years.
Justin Bieber One Time has become a slam dunk hit for the Canadian star even though he is only 15 years old.

Not that it's a slam dunk from this point, but the percentages are in your favor after your customer has experienced their hinge event.

Build a Gamebreaker by stringing together combos, and then get your teammates involved in a three-man aerial dunk assault.

I mean really, if you're not going to use ANY common sense we might as well dunk you in the straight away!
They looked too clean to be real, like props bought from a Halloween store.
They grew up healthy and strong.

The babies were healthy and by mid-August, they would have two new family members.

Everywhere on the bank, on the dam, and in the pond, there was healthy, white, muscular flesh.

Both were healthy and breathing on their own.

She had teeth, fingernails and a healthy kick.
And yet, his offer was generous.

Thanks for the offer, anyway.

This will likely not ever be perfect, but any insight it can offer us is a gain.

After lunch, Giddon's offer to help Lisa with the dishes was met by a raised eyebrow from Sarah.

Farmers suffer too, exploited by supermarkets, overwhelmed by red tape and fighting unfair competition from abroad.
More of the red tape of running a lodging establishment.

THERE IS NO ONE LEFT


When Mary Lennox was sent to Misselthwaite Manor to live with her uncle
everybody said she was the most disagreeable-looking child ever seen.
It was true, too. She had a little thin face and a little thin body,
thin light hair and a sour expression. Her hair was yellow, and her
face was yellow because she had been born in India and had always been
ill in one way or another. Her father had held a position under the
English Government and had always been busy and ill himself, and her
mother had been a great beauty who cared only to go to parties and
amuse herself with gay people. She had not wanted a little girl at all,
and when Mary was born she handed her over to the care of an Ayah, who
was made to understand that if she wished to please the Mem Sahib she
must keep the child out of sight as much as possible. So when she was a
sickly, fretful, ugly little baby she was kept out of the way, and when
she became a sickly, fretful, toddling thing she was kept out of the
way also. She never remembered seeing familiarly anything but the dark
faces of her Ayah and the other native servants, and as they always
obeyed her and gave her her own way in everything, because the Mem
Sahib would be angry if she was disturbed by her crying, by the time
she was six years old she was as tyrannical and selfish a little pig as
ever lived. The young English governess who came to teach her to read
and write disliked her so much that she gave up her place in three
months, and when other governesses came to try to fill it they always
went away in a shorter time than the first one. So if Mary had not
chosen to really want to know how to read books she would never have
learned her letters at all.

One frightfully hot morning, when she was about nine years old, she
awakened feeling very cross, and she became crosser still when she saw
that the servant who stood by her bedside was not her Ayah.

“Why did you come?” she said to the strange woman. “I will not let you
stay. Send my Ayah to me.”

The woman looked frightened, but she only stammered that the Ayah could
not come and when Mary threw herself into a passion and beat and kicked
her, she looked only more frightened and repeated that it was not
possible for the Ayah to come to Missie Sahib.

There was something mysterious in the air that morning. Nothing was
done in its regular order and several of the native servants seemed
missing, while those whom Mary saw slunk or hurried about with ashy and
scared faces. But no one would tell her anything and her Ayah did not
come. She was actually left alone as the morning went on, and at last
she wandered out into the garden and began to play by herself under a
tree near the veranda. She pretended that she was making a flower-bed,
and she stuck big scarlet hibiscus blossoms into little heaps of earth,
all the time growing more and more angry and muttering to herself the
things she would say and the names she would call Saidie when she
returned.

“Pig! Pig! Daughter of Pigs!” she said, because to call a native a pig
is the worst insult of all.

She was grinding her teeth and saying this over and over again when she
heard her mother come out on the veranda with someone. She was with a
fair young man and they stood talking together in low strange voices.
Mary knew the fair young man who looked like a boy. She had heard that
he was a very young officer who had just come from England. The child
stared at him, but she stared most at her mother. She always did this
when she had a chance to see her, because the Mem Sahib—Mary used to
call her that oftener than anything else—was such a tall, slim, pretty
person and wore such lovely clothes. Her hair was like curly silk and
she had a delicate little nose which seemed to be disdaining things,
and she had large laughing eyes. All her clothes were thin and
floating, and Mary said they were “full of lace.” They looked fuller of
lace than ever this morning, but her eyes were not laughing at all.
They were large and scared and lifted imploringly to the fair boy
officer’s face.

“Is it so very bad? Oh, is it?” Mary heard her say.

“Awfully,” the young man answered in a trembling voice. “Awfully, Mrs.
Lennox. You ought to have gone to the hills two weeks ago.”

The Mem Sahib wrung her hands.

“Oh, I know I ought!” she cried. “I only stayed to go to that silly
dinner party. What a fool I was!”

At that very moment such a loud sound of wailing broke out from the
servants’ quarters that she clutched the young man’s arm, and Mary
stood shivering from head to foot. The wailing grew wilder and wilder.
“What is it? What is it?” Mrs. Lennox gasped.

“Someone has died,” answered the boy officer. “You did not say it had
broken out among your servants.”

“I did not know!” the Mem Sahib cried. “Come with me! Come with me!”
and she turned and ran into the house.

After that appalling things happened, and the mysteriousness of the
morning was explained to Mary. The cholera had broken out in its most
fatal form and people were dying like flies. The Ayah had been taken
ill in the night, and it was because she had just died that the
servants had wailed in the huts. Before the next day three other
servants were dead and others had run away in terror. There was panic
on every side, and dying people in all the bungalows.

During the confusion and bewilderment of the second day Mary hid
herself in the nursery and was forgotten by everyone. Nobody thought of
her, nobody wanted her, and strange things happened of which she knew
nothing. Mary alternately cried and slept through the hours. She only
knew that people were ill and that she heard mysterious and frightening
sounds. Once she crept into the dining-room and found it empty, though
a partly finished meal was on the table and chairs and plates looked as
if they had been hastily pushed back when the diners rose suddenly for
some reason. The child ate some fruit and biscuits, and being thirsty
she drank a glass of wine which stood nearly filled. It was sweet, and
she did not know how strong it was. Very soon it made her intensely
drowsy, and she went back to her nursery and shut herself in again,
frightened by cries she heard in the huts and by the hurrying sound of
feet. The wine made her so sleepy that she could scarcely keep her eyes
open and she lay down on her bed and knew nothing more for a long time.

Many things happened during the hours in which she slept so heavily,
but she was not disturbed by the wails and the sound of things being
carried in and out of the bungalow.

When she awakened she lay and stared at the wall. The house was
perfectly still. She had never known it to be so silent before. She
heard neither voices nor footsteps, and wondered if everybody had got
well of the cholera and all the trouble was over. She wondered also who
would take care of her now her Ayah was dead. There would be a new
Ayah, and perhaps she would know some new stories. Mary had been rather
tired of the old ones. She did not cry because her nurse had died. She
was not an affectionate child and had never cared much for anyone. The
noise and hurrying about and wailing over the cholera had frightened
her, and she had been angry because no one seemed to remember that she
was alive. Everyone was too panic-stricken to think of a little girl no
one was fond of. When people had the cholera it seemed that they
remembered nothing but themselves. But if everyone had got well again,
surely someone would remember and come to look for her.

But no one came, and as she lay waiting the house seemed to grow more
and more silent. She heard something rustling on the matting and when
she looked down she saw a little snake gliding along and watching her
with eyes like jewels. She was not frightened, because he was a
harmless little thing who would not hurt her and he seemed in a hurry
to get out of the room. He slipped under the door as she watched him.

“How queer and quiet it is,” she said. “It sounds as if there were no
one in the bungalow but me and the snake.”

Almost the next minute she heard footsteps in the compound, and then on
the veranda. They were men’s footsteps, and the men entered the
bungalow and talked in low voices. No one went to meet or speak to them
and they seemed to open doors and look into rooms.

“What desolation!” she heard one voice say. “That pretty, pretty woman!
I suppose the child, too. I heard there was a child, though no one ever
saw her.”

Mary was standing in the middle of the nursery when they opened the
door a few minutes later. She looked an ugly, cross little thing and
was frowning because she was beginning to be hungry and feel
disgracefully neglected. The first man who came in was a large officer
she had once seen talking to her father. He looked tired and troubled,
but when he saw her he was so startled that he almost jumped back.

“Barney!” he cried out. “There is a child here! A child alone! In a
place like this! Mercy on us, who is she!”

“I am Mary Lennox,” the little girl said, drawing herself up stiffly.
She thought the man was very rude to call her father’s bungalow “A
place like this!” “I fell asleep when everyone had the cholera and I
have only just wakened up. Why does nobody come?”

“It is the child no one ever saw!” exclaimed the man, turning to his
companions. “She has actually been forgotten!”

“Why was I forgotten?” Mary said, stamping her foot. “Why does nobody
come?”

The young man whose name was Barney looked at her very sadly. Mary even
thought she saw him wink his eyes as if to wink tears away.

“Poor little kid!” he said. “There is nobody left to come.”

It was in that strange and sudden way that Mary found out that she had
neither father nor mother left; that they had died and been carried
away in the night, and that the few native servants who had not died
also had left the house as quickly as they could get out of it, none of
them even remembering that there was a Missie Sahib. That was why the
place was so quiet. It was true that there was no one in the bungalow
but herself and the little rustling snake.




CHAPTER II.
MISTRESS MARY QUITE CONTRARY


Mary had liked to look at her mother from a distance and she had
thought her very pretty, but as she knew very little of her she could
scarcely have been expected to love her or to miss her very much when
she was gone. She did not miss her at all, in fact, and as she was a
self-absorbed child she gave her entire thought to herself, as she had
always done. If she had been older she would no doubt have been very
anxious at being left alone in the world, but she was very young, and
as she had always been taken care of, she supposed she always would be.
What she thought was that she would like to know if she was going to
nice people, who would be polite to her and give her her own way as her
Ayah and the other native servants had done.

She knew that she was not going to stay at the English clergyman’s
house where she was taken at first. She did not want to stay. The
English clergyman was poor and he had five children nearly all the same
age and they wore shabby clothes and were always quarreling and
snatching toys from each other. Mary hated their untidy bungalow and
was so disagreeable to them that after the first day or two nobody
would play with her. By the second day they had given her a nickname
which made her furious.

It was Basil who thought of it first. Basil was a little boy with
impudent blue eyes and a turned-up nose, and Mary hated him. She was
playing by herself under a tree, just as she had been playing the day
the cholera broke out. She was making heaps of earth and paths for a
garden and Basil came and stood near to watch her. Presently he got
rather interested and suddenly made a suggestion.

“Why don’t you put a heap of stones there and pretend it is a rockery?”
he said. “There in the middle,” and he leaned over her to point.

“Go away!” cried Mary. “I don’t want boys. Go away!”

For a moment Basil looked angry, and then he began to tease. He was
always teasing his sisters. He danced round and round her and made
faces and sang and laughed.

“Mistress Mary, quite contrary,
    How does your garden grow?
With silver bells, and cockle shells,
    And marigolds all in a row.”

He sang it until the other children heard and laughed, too; and the
crosser Mary got, the more they sang “Mistress Mary, quite contrary”;
and after that as long as she stayed with them they called her
“Mistress Mary Quite Contrary” when they spoke of her to each other,
and often when they spoke to her.

“You are going to be sent home,” Basil said to her, “at the end of the
week. And we’re glad of it.”

“I am glad of it, too,” answered Mary. “Where is home?”

“She doesn’t know where home is!” said Basil, with seven-year-old
scorn. “It’s England, of course. Our grandmama lives there and our
sister Mabel was sent to her last year. You are not going to your
grandmama. You have none. You are going to your uncle. His name is Mr.
Archibald Craven.”

“I don’t know anything about him,” snapped Mary.

“I know you don’t,” Basil answered. “You don’t know anything. Girls
never do. I heard father and mother talking about him. He lives in a
great, big, desolate old house in the country and no one goes near him.
He’s so cross he won’t let them, and they wouldn’t come if he would let
them. He’s a hunchback, and he’s horrid.”

“I don’t believe you,” said Mary; and she turned her back and stuck her
fingers in her ears, because she would not listen any more.

But she thought over it a great deal afterward; and when Mrs. Crawford
told her that night that she was going to sail away to England in a few
days and go to her uncle, Mr. Archibald Craven, who lived at
Misselthwaite Manor, she looked so stony and stubbornly uninterested
that they did not know what to think about her. They tried to be kind
to her, but she only turned her face away when Mrs. Crawford attempted
to kiss her, and held herself stiffly when Mr. Crawford patted her
shoulder.

“She is such a plain child,” Mrs. Crawford said pityingly, afterward.
“And her mother was such a pretty creature. She had a very pretty
manner, too, and Mary has the most unattractive ways I ever saw in a
child. The children call her ‘Mistress Mary Quite Contrary,’ and though
it’s naughty of them, one can’t help understanding it.”

“Perhaps if her mother had carried her pretty face and her pretty
manners oftener into the nursery Mary might have learned some pretty
ways too. It is very sad, now the poor beautiful thing is gone, to
remember that many people never even knew that she had a child at all.”

“I believe she scarcely ever looked at her,” sighed Mrs. Crawford.
“When her Ayah was dead there was no one to give a thought to the
little thing. Think of the servants running away and leaving her all
alone in that deserted bungalow. Colonel McGrew said he nearly jumped
out of his skin when he opened the door and found her standing by
herself in the middle of the room.”

Mary made the long voyage to England under the care of an officer’s
wife, who was taking her children to leave them in a boarding-school.
She was very much absorbed in her own little boy and girl, and was
rather glad to hand the child over to the woman Mr. Archibald Craven
sent to meet her, in London. The woman was his housekeeper at
Misselthwaite Manor, and her name was Mrs. Medlock. She was a stout
woman, with very red cheeks and sharp black eyes. She wore a very
purple dress, a black silk mantle with jet fringe on it and a black
bonnet with purple velvet flowers which stuck up and trembled when she
moved her head. Mary did not like her at all, but as she very seldom
liked people there was nothing remarkable in that; besides which it was
very evident Mrs. Medlock did not think much of her.

“My word! she’s a plain little piece of goods!” she said. “And we’d
heard that her mother was a beauty. She hasn’t handed much of it down,
has she, ma’am?”

“Perhaps she will improve as she grows older,” the officer’s wife said
good-naturedly. “If she were not so sallow and had a nicer expression,
her features are rather good. Children alter so much.”

“She’ll have to alter a good deal,” answered Mrs. Medlock. “And,
there’s nothing likely to improve children at Misselthwaite—if you ask
me!”

They thought Mary was not listening because she was standing a little
apart from them at the window of the private hotel they had gone to.
She was watching the passing buses and cabs and people, but she heard
quite well and was made very curious about her uncle and the place he
lived in. What sort of a place was it, and what would he be like? What
was a hunchback? She had never seen one. Perhaps there were none in
India.

Since she had been living in other people’s houses and had had no Ayah,
she had begun to feel lonely and to think queer thoughts which were new
to her. She had begun to wonder why she had never seemed to belong to
anyone even when her father and mother had been alive. Other children
seemed to belong to their fathers and mothers, but she had never seemed
to really be anyone’s little girl. She had had servants, and food and
clothes, but no one had taken any notice of her. She did not know that
this was because she was a disagreeable child; but then, of course, she
did not know she was disagreeable. She often thought that other people
were, but she did not know that she was so herself.

She thought Mrs. Medlock the most disagreeable person she had ever
seen, with her common, highly colored face and her common fine bonnet.
When the next day they set out on their journey to Yorkshire, she
walked through the station to the railway carriage with her head up and
trying to keep as far away from her as she could, because she did not
want to seem to belong to her. It would have made her angry to think
people imagined she was her little girl.

But Mrs. Medlock was not in the least disturbed by her and her
thoughts. She was the kind of woman who would “stand no nonsense from
young ones.” At least, that is what she would have said if she had been
asked. She had not wanted to go to London just when her sister Maria’s
daughter was going to be married, but she had a comfortable, well paid
place as housekeeper at Misselthwaite Manor and the only way in which
she could keep it was to do at once what Mr. Archibald Craven told her
to do. She never dared even to ask a question.

“Captain Lennox and his wife died of the cholera,” Mr. Craven had said
in his short, cold way. “Captain Lennox was my wife’s brother and I am
their daughter’s guardian. The child is to be brought here. You must go
to London and bring her yourself.”

So she packed her small trunk and made the journey.

Mary sat in her corner of the railway carriage and looked plain and
fretful. She had nothing to read or to look at, and she had folded her
thin little black-gloved hands in her lap. Her black dress made her
look yellower than ever, and her limp light hair straggled from under
her black crêpe hat.

“A more marred-looking young one I never saw in my life,” Mrs. Medlock
thought. (Marred is a Yorkshire word and means spoiled and pettish.)
She had never seen a child who sat so still without doing anything; and
at last she got tired of watching her and began to talk in a brisk,
hard voice.

“I suppose I may as well tell you something about where you are going
to,” she said. “Do you know anything about your uncle?”

“No,” said Mary.

“Never heard your father and mother talk about him?”

“No,” said Mary frowning. She frowned because she remembered that her
father and mother had never talked to her about anything in particular.
Certainly they had never told her things.

“Humph,” muttered Mrs. Medlock, staring at her queer, unresponsive
little face. She did not say any more for a few moments and then she
began again.

“I suppose you might as well be told something—to prepare you. You are
going to a queer place.”

Mary said nothing at all, and Mrs. Medlock looked rather discomfited by
her apparent indifference, but, after taking a breath, she went on.

“Not but that it’s a grand big place in a gloomy way, and Mr. Craven’s
proud of it in his way—and that’s gloomy enough, too. The house is six
hundred years old and it’s on the edge of the moor, and there’s near a
hundred rooms in it, though most of them’s shut up and locked. And
there’s pictures and fine old furniture and things that’s been there
for ages, and there’s a big park round it and gardens and trees with
branches trailing to the ground—some of them.” She paused and took
another breath. “But there’s nothing else,” she ended suddenly.

Mary had begun to listen in spite of herself. It all sounded so unlike
India, and anything new rather attracted her. But she did not intend to
look as if she were interested. That was one of her unhappy,
disagreeable ways. So she sat still.

“Well,” said Mrs. Medlock. “What do you think of it?”

“Nothing,” she answered. “I know nothing about such places.”

That made Mrs. Medlock laugh a short sort of laugh.

“Eh!” she said, “but you are like an old woman. Don’t you care?”

“It doesn’t matter” said Mary, “whether I care or not.”

“You are right enough there,” said Mrs. Medlock. “It doesn’t. What
you’re to be kept at Misselthwaite Manor for I don’t know, unless
because it’s the easiest way. _He’s_ not going to trouble himself about
you, that’s sure and certain. He never troubles himself about no one.”

She stopped herself as if she had just remembered something in time.

“He’s got a crooked back,” she said. “That set him wrong. He was a sour
young man and got no good of all his money and big place till he was
married.”

Mary’s eyes turned toward her in spite of her intention not to seem to
care. She had never thought of the hunchback’s being married and she
was a trifle surprised. Mrs. Medlock saw this, and as she was a
talkative woman she continued with more interest. This was one way of
passing some of the time, at any rate.

“She was a sweet, pretty thing and he’d have walked the world over to
get her a blade o’ grass she wanted. Nobody thought she’d marry him,
but she did, and people said she married him for his money. But she
didn’t—she didn’t,” positively. “When she died—”

Mary gave a little involuntary jump.

“Oh! did she die!” she exclaimed, quite without meaning to. She had
just remembered a French fairy story she had once read called “Riquet à
la Houppe.” It had been about a poor hunchback and a beautiful princess
and it had made her suddenly sorry for Mr. Archibald Craven.

“Yes, she died,” Mrs. Medlock answered. “And it made him queerer than
ever. He cares about nobody. He won’t see people. Most of the time he
goes away, and when he is at Misselthwaite he shuts himself up in the
West Wing and won’t let anyone but Pitcher see him. Pitcher’s an old
fellow, but he took care of him when he was a child and he knows his
ways.”

It sounded like something in a book and it did not make Mary feel
cheerful. A house with a hundred rooms, nearly all shut up and with
their doors locked—a house on the edge of a moor—whatsoever a moor
was—sounded dreary. A man with a crooked back who shut himself up also!
She stared out of the window with her lips pinched together, and it
seemed quite natural that the rain should have begun to pour down in
gray slanting lines and splash and stream down the window-panes. If the
pretty wife had been alive she might have made things cheerful by being
something like her own mother and by running in and out and going to
parties as she had done in frocks “full of lace.” But she was not there
any more.

“You needn’t expect to see him, because ten to one you won’t,” said
Mrs. Medlock. “And you mustn’t expect that there will be people to talk
to you. You’ll have to play about and look after yourself. You’ll be
told what rooms you can go into and what rooms you’re to keep out of.
There’s gardens enough. But when you’re in the house don’t go wandering
and poking about. Mr. Craven won’t have it.”

“I shall not want to go poking about,” said sour little Mary and just
as suddenly as she had begun to be rather sorry for Mr. Archibald
Craven she began to cease to be sorry and to think he was unpleasant
enough to deserve all that had happened to him.

And she turned her face toward the streaming panes of the window of the
railway carriage and gazed out at the gray rain-storm which looked as
if it would go on forever and ever. She watched it so long and steadily
that the grayness grew heavier and heavier before her eyes and she fell
asleep.




CHAPTER III.
ACROSS THE MOOR


She slept a long time, and when she awakened Mrs. Medlock had bought a
lunchbasket at one of the stations and they had some chicken and cold
beef and bread and butter and some hot tea. The rain seemed to be
streaming down more heavily than ever and everybody in the station wore
wet and glistening waterproofs. The guard lighted the lamps in the
carriage, and Mrs. Medlock cheered up very much over her tea and
chicken and beef. She ate a great deal and afterward fell asleep
herself, and Mary sat and stared at her and watched her fine bonnet
slip on one side until she herself fell asleep once more in the corner
of the carriage, lulled by the splashing of the rain against the
windows. It was quite dark when she awakened again. The train had
stopped at a station and Mrs. Medlock was shaking her.

“You have had a sleep!” she said. “It’s time to open your eyes! We’re
at Thwaite Station and we’ve got a long drive before us.”

Mary stood up and tried to keep her eyes open while Mrs. Medlock
collected her parcels. The little girl did not offer to help her,
because in India native servants always picked up or carried things and
it seemed quite proper that other people should wait on one.

The station was a small one and nobody but themselves seemed to be
getting out of the train. The station-master spoke to Mrs. Medlock in a
rough, good-natured way, pronouncing his words in a queer broad fashion
which Mary found out afterward was Yorkshire.

“I see tha’s got back,” he said. “An’ tha’s browt th’ young ’un with
thee.”

“Aye, that’s her,” answered Mrs. Medlock, speaking with a Yorkshire
accent herself and jerking her head over her shoulder toward Mary.
“How’s thy Missus?”

“Well enow. Th’ carriage is waitin’ outside for thee.”

A brougham stood on the road before the little outside platform. Mary
saw that it was a smart carriage and that it was a smart footman who
helped her in. His long waterproof coat and the waterproof covering of
his hat were shining and dripping with rain as everything was, the
burly station-master included.

When he shut the door, mounted the box with the coachman, and they
drove off, the little girl found herself seated in a comfortably
cushioned corner, but she was not inclined to go to sleep again. She
sat and looked out of the window, curious to see something of the road
over which she was being driven to the queer place Mrs. Medlock had
spoken of. She was not at all a timid child and she was not exactly
frightened, but she felt that there was no knowing what might happen in
a house with a hundred rooms nearly all shut up—a house standing on the
edge of a moor.

“What is a moor?” she said suddenly to Mrs. Medlock.

“Look out of the window in about ten minutes and you’ll see,” the woman
answered. “We’ve got to drive five miles across Missel Moor before we
get to the Manor. You won’t see much because it’s a dark night, but you
can see something.”

Mary asked no more questions but waited in the darkness of her corner,
keeping her eyes on the window. The carriage lamps cast rays of light a
little distance ahead of them and she caught glimpses of the things
they passed. After they had left the station they had driven through a
tiny village and she had seen whitewashed cottages and the lights of a
public house. Then they had passed a church and a vicarage and a little
shop-window or so in a cottage with toys and sweets and odd things set
out for sale. Then they were on the highroad and she saw hedges and
trees. After that there seemed nothing different for a long time—or at
least it seemed a long time to her.

At last the horses began to go more slowly, as if they were climbing
up-hill, and presently there seemed to be no more hedges and no more
trees. She could see nothing, in fact, but a dense darkness on either
side. She leaned forward and pressed her face against the window just
as the carriage gave a big jolt.

“Eh! We’re on the moor now sure enough,” said Mrs. Medlock.

The carriage lamps shed a yellow light on a rough-looking road which
seemed to be cut through bushes and low-growing things which ended in
the great expanse of dark apparently spread out before and around them.
A wind was rising and making a singular, wild, low, rushing sound.

“It’s—it’s not the sea, is it?” said Mary, looking round at her
companion.

“No, not it,” answered Mrs. Medlock. “Nor it isn’t fields nor
mountains, it’s just miles and miles and miles of wild land that
nothing grows on but heather and gorse and broom, and nothing lives on
but wild ponies and sheep.”

“I feel as if it might be the sea, if there were water on it,” said
Mary. “It sounds like the sea just now.”

“That’s the wind blowing through the bushes,” Mrs. Medlock said. “It’s
a wild, dreary enough place to my mind, though there’s plenty that
likes it—particularly when the heather’s in bloom.”

On and on they drove through the darkness, and though the rain stopped,
the wind rushed by and whistled and made strange sounds. The road went
up and down, and several times the carriage passed over a little bridge
beneath which water rushed very fast with a great deal of noise. Mary
felt as if the drive would never come to an end and that the wide,
bleak moor was a wide expanse of black ocean through which she was
passing on a strip of dry land.

“I don’t like it,” she said to herself. “I don’t like it,” and she
pinched her thin lips more tightly together.

The horses were climbing up a hilly piece of road when she first caught
sight of a light. Mrs. Medlock saw it as soon as she did and drew a
long sigh of relief.

“Eh, I am glad to see that bit o’ light twinkling,” she exclaimed.
“It’s the light in the lodge window. We shall get a good cup of tea
after a bit, at all events.”

It was “after a bit,” as she said, for when the carriage passed through
the park gates there was still two miles of avenue to drive through and
the trees (which nearly met overhead) made it seem as if they were
driving through a long dark vault.

They drove out of the vault into a clear space and stopped before an
immensely long but low-built house which seemed to ramble round a stone
court. At first Mary thought that there were no lights at all in the
windows, but as she got out of the carriage she saw that one room in a
corner upstairs showed a dull glow.

The entrance door was a huge one made of massive, curiously shaped
panels of oak studded with big iron nails and bound with great iron
bars. It opened into an enormous hall, which was so dimly lighted that
the faces in the portraits on the walls and the figures in the suits of
armor made Mary feel that she did not want to look at them. As she
stood on the stone floor she looked a very small, odd little black
figure, and she felt as small and lost and odd as she looked.

A neat, thin old man stood near the manservant who opened the door for
them.

“You are to take her to her room,” he said in a husky voice. “He
doesn’t want to see her. He’s going to London in the morning.”

“Very well, Mr. Pitcher,” Mrs. Medlock answered. “So long as I know
what’s expected of me, I can manage.”

“What’s expected of you, Mrs. Medlock,” Mr. Pitcher said, “is that you
make sure that he’s not disturbed and that he doesn’t see what he
doesn’t want to see.”

And then Mary Lennox was led up a broad staircase and down a long
corridor and up a short flight of steps and through another corridor
and another, until a door opened in a wall and she found herself in a
room with a fire in it and a supper on a table.

Mrs. Medlock said unceremoniously:

“Well, here you are! This room and the next are where you’ll live—and
you must keep to them. Don’t you forget that!”

It was in this way Mistress Mary arrived at Misselthwaite Manor and she
had perhaps never felt quite so contrary in all her life.




CHAPTER IV.
MARTHA


When she opened her eyes in the morning it was because a young
housemaid had come into her room to light the fire and was kneeling on
the hearth-rug raking out the cinders noisily. Mary lay and watched her
for a few moments and then began to look about the room. She had never
seen a room at all like it and thought it curious and gloomy. The walls
were covered with tapestry with a forest scene embroidered on it. There
were fantastically dressed people under the trees and in the distance
there was a glimpse of the turrets of a castle. There were hunters and
horses and dogs and ladies. Mary felt as if she were in the forest with
them. Out of a deep window she could see a great climbing stretch of
land which seemed to have no trees on it, and to look rather like an
endless, dull, purplish sea.

“What is that?” she said, pointing out of the window.

Martha, the young housemaid, who had just risen to her feet, looked and
pointed also.

“That there?” she said.

“Yes.”

“That’s th’ moor,” with a good-natured grin. “Does tha’ like it?”

“No,” answered Mary. “I hate it.”

“That’s because tha’rt not used to it,” Martha said, going back to her
hearth. “Tha’ thinks it’s too big an’ bare now. But tha’ will like it.”

“Do you?” inquired Mary.

“Aye, that I do,” answered Martha, cheerfully polishing away at the
grate. “I just love it. It’s none bare. It’s covered wi’ growin’ things
as smells sweet. It’s fair lovely in spring an’ summer when th’ gorse
an’ broom an’ heather’s in flower. It smells o’ honey an’ there’s such
a lot o’ fresh air—an’ th’ sky looks so high an’ th’ bees an’ skylarks
makes such a nice noise hummin’ an’ singin’. Eh! I wouldn’t live away
from th’ moor for anythin’.”

Mary listened to her with a grave, puzzled expression. The native
servants she had been used to in India were not in the least like this.
They were obsequious and servile and did not presume to talk to their
masters as if they were their equals. They made salaams and called them
“protector of the poor” and names of that sort. Indian servants were
commanded to do things, not asked. It was not the custom to say
“please” and “thank you” and Mary had always slapped her Ayah in the
face when she was angry. She wondered a little what this girl would do
if one slapped her in the face. She was a round, rosy, good-natured
looking creature, but she had a sturdy way which made Mistress Mary
wonder if she might not even slap back—if the person who slapped her
was only a little girl.

“You are a strange servant,” she said from her pillows, rather
haughtily.

Martha sat up on her heels, with her blacking-brush in her hand, and
laughed, without seeming the least out of temper.

“Eh! I know that,” she said. “If there was a grand Missus at
Misselthwaite I should never have been even one of th’ under
housemaids. I might have been let to be scullerymaid but I’d never have
been let upstairs. I’m too common an’ I talk too much Yorkshire. But
this is a funny house for all it’s so grand. Seems like there’s neither
Master nor Mistress except Mr. Pitcher an’ Mrs. Medlock. Mr. Craven, he
won’t be troubled about anythin’ when he’s here, an’ he’s nearly always
away. Mrs. Medlock gave me th’ place out o’ kindness. She told me she
could never have done it if Misselthwaite had been like other big
houses.”

“Are you going to be my servant?” Mary asked, still in her imperious
little Indian way.

Martha began to rub her grate again.

“I’m Mrs. Medlock’s servant,” she said stoutly. “An’ she’s Mr.
Craven’s—but I’m to do the housemaid’s work up here an’ wait on you a
bit. But you won’t need much waitin’ on.”

“Who is going to dress me?” demanded Mary.

Martha sat up on her heels again and stared. She spoke in broad
Yorkshire in her amazement.

“Canna’ tha’ dress thysen!” she said.

“What do you mean? I don’t understand your language,” said Mary.

“Eh! I forgot,” Martha said. “Mrs. Medlock told me I’d have to be
careful or you wouldn’t know what I was sayin’. I mean can’t you put on
your own clothes?”

“No,” answered Mary, quite indignantly. “I never did in my life. My
Ayah dressed me, of course.”

“Well,” said Martha, evidently not in the least aware that she was
impudent, “it’s time tha’ should learn. Tha’ cannot begin younger.
It’ll do thee good to wait on thysen a bit. My mother always said she
couldn’t see why grand people’s children didn’t turn out fair
fools—what with nurses an’ bein’ washed an’ dressed an’ took out to
walk as if they was puppies!”

“It is different in India,” said Mistress Mary disdainfully. She could
scarcely stand this.

But Martha was not at all crushed.

“Eh! I can see it’s different,” she answered almost sympathetically. “I
dare say it’s because there’s such a lot o’ blacks there instead o’
respectable white people. When I heard you was comin’ from India I
thought you was a black too.”

Mary sat up in bed furious.

“What!” she said. “What! You thought I was a native. You—you daughter
of a pig!”

Martha stared and looked hot.

“Who are you callin’ names?” she said. “You needn’t be so vexed. That’s
not th’ way for a young lady to talk. I’ve nothin’ against th’ blacks.
When you read about ’em in tracts they’re always very religious. You
always read as a black’s a man an’ a brother. I’ve never seen a black
an’ I was fair pleased to think I was goin’ to see one close. When I
come in to light your fire this mornin’ I crep’ up to your bed an’
pulled th’ cover back careful to look at you. An’ there you was,”
disappointedly, “no more black than me—for all you’re so yeller.”

Mary did not even try to control her rage and humiliation.

“You thought I was a native! You dared! You don’t know anything about
natives! They are not people—they’re servants who must salaam to you.
You know nothing about India. You know nothing about anything!”

She was in such a rage and felt so helpless before the girl’s simple
stare, and somehow she suddenly felt so horribly lonely and far away
from everything she understood and which understood her, that she threw
herself face downward on the pillows and burst into passionate sobbing.
She sobbed so unrestrainedly that good-natured Yorkshire Martha was a
little frightened and quite sorry for her. She went to the bed and bent
over her.

“Eh! you mustn’t cry like that there!” she begged. “You mustn’t for
sure. I didn’t know you’d be vexed. I don’t know anythin’ about
anythin’—just like you said. I beg your pardon, Miss. Do stop cryin’.”

There was something comforting and really friendly in her queer
Yorkshire speech and sturdy way which had a good effect on Mary. She
gradually ceased crying and became quiet. Martha looked relieved.

“It’s time for thee to get up now,” she said. “Mrs. Medlock said I was
to carry tha’ breakfast an’ tea an’ dinner into th’ room next to this.
It’s been made into a nursery for thee. I’ll help thee on with thy
clothes if tha’ll get out o’ bed. If th’ buttons are at th’ back tha’
cannot button them up tha’self.”

When Mary at last decided to get up, the clothes Martha took from the
wardrobe were not the ones she had worn when she arrived the night
before with Mrs. Medlock.

“Those are not mine,” she said. “Mine are black.”

She looked the thick white wool coat and dress over, and added with
cool approval:

“Those are nicer than mine.”

“These are th’ ones tha’ must put on,” Martha answered. “Mr. Craven
ordered Mrs. Medlock to get ’em in London. He said ‘I won’t have a
child dressed in black wanderin’ about like a lost soul,’ he said.
‘It’d make the place sadder than it is. Put color on her.’ Mother she
said she knew what he meant. Mother always knows what a body means. She
doesn’t hold with black hersel’.”

“I hate black things,” said Mary.

The dressing process was one which taught them both something. Martha
had “buttoned up” her little sisters and brothers but she had never
seen a child who stood still and waited for another person to do things
for her as if she had neither hands nor feet of her own.

“Why doesn’t tha’ put on tha’ own shoes?” she said when Mary quietly
held out her foot.

“My Ayah did it,” answered Mary, staring. “It was the custom.”

She said that very often—“It was the custom.” The native servants were
always saying it. If one told them to do a thing their ancestors had
not done for a thousand years they gazed at one mildly and said, “It is
not the custom” and one knew that was the end of the matter.

It had not been the custom that Mistress Mary should do anything but
stand and allow herself to be dressed like a doll, but before she was
ready for breakfast she began to suspect that her life at Misselthwaite
Manor would end by teaching her a number of things quite new to
her—things such as putting on her own shoes and stockings, and picking
up things she let fall. If Martha had been a well-trained fine young
lady’s maid she would have been more subservient and respectful and
would have known that it was her business to brush hair, and button
boots, and pick things up and lay them away. She was, however, only an
untrained Yorkshire rustic who had been brought up in a moorland
cottage with a swarm of little brothers and sisters who had never
dreamed of doing anything but waiting on themselves and on the younger
ones who were either babies in arms or just learning to totter about
and tumble over things.

If Mary Lennox had been a child who was ready to be amused she would
perhaps have laughed at Martha’s readiness to talk, but Mary only
listened to her coldly and wondered at her freedom of manner. At first
she was not at all interested, but gradually, as the girl rattled on in
her good-tempered, homely way, Mary began to notice what she was
saying.

“Eh! you should see ’em all,” she said. “There’s twelve of us an’ my
father only gets sixteen shilling a week. I can tell you my mother’s
put to it to get porridge for ’em all. They tumble about on th’ moor
an’ play there all day an’ mother says th’ air of th’ moor fattens ’em.
She says she believes they eat th’ grass same as th’ wild ponies do.
Our Dickon, he’s twelve years old and he’s got a young pony he calls
his own.”

“Where did he get it?” asked Mary.

“He found it on th’ moor with its mother when it was a little one an’
he began to make friends with it an’ give it bits o’ bread an’ pluck
young grass for it. And it got to like him so it follows him about an’
it lets him get on its back. Dickon’s a kind lad an’ animals likes
him.”

Mary had never possessed an animal pet of her own and had always
thought she should like one. So she began to feel a slight interest in
Dickon, and as she had never before been interested in anyone but
herself, it was the dawning of a healthy sentiment. When she went into
the room which had been made into a nursery for her, she found that it
was rather like the one she had slept in. It was not a child’s room,
but a grown-up person’s room, with gloomy old pictures on the walls and
heavy old oak chairs. A table in the center was set with a good
substantial breakfast. But she had always had a very small appetite,
and she looked with something more than indifference at the first plate
Martha set before her.

“I don’t want it,” she said.

“Tha’ doesn’t want thy porridge!” Martha exclaimed incredulously.

“No.”

“Tha’ doesn’t know how good it is. Put a bit o’ treacle on it or a bit
o’ sugar.”

“I don’t want it,” repeated Mary.

“Eh!” said Martha. “I can’t abide to see good victuals go to waste. If
our children was at this table they’d clean it bare in five minutes.”

“Why?” said Mary coldly.

“Why!” echoed Martha. “Because they scarce ever had their stomachs full
in their lives. They’re as hungry as young hawks an’ foxes.”

“I don’t know what it is to be hungry,” said Mary, with the
indifference of ignorance.

Martha looked indignant.

“Well, it would do thee good to try it. I can see that plain enough,”
she said outspokenly. “I’ve no patience with folk as sits an’ just
stares at good bread an’ meat. My word! don’t I wish Dickon and Phil
an’ Jane an’ th’ rest of ’em had what’s here under their pinafores.”

“Why don’t you take it to them?” suggested Mary.

“It’s not mine,” answered Martha stoutly. “An’ this isn’t my day out. I
get my day out once a month same as th’ rest. Then I go home an’ clean
up for mother an’ give her a day’s rest.”

Mary drank some tea and ate a little toast and some marmalade.

“You wrap up warm an’ run out an’ play you,” said Martha. “It’ll do you
good and give you some stomach for your meat.”

Mary went to the window. There were gardens and paths and big trees,
but everything looked dull and wintry.

“Out? Why should I go out on a day like this?”

“Well, if tha’ doesn’t go out tha’lt have to stay in, an’ what has tha’
got to do?”

Mary glanced about her. There was nothing to do. When Mrs. Medlock had
prepared the nursery she had not thought of amusement. Perhaps it would
be better to go and see what the gardens were like.

“Who will go with me?” she inquired.

Martha stared.

“You’ll go by yourself,” she answered. “You’ll have to learn to play
like other children does when they haven’t got sisters and brothers.
Our Dickon goes off on th’ moor by himself an’ plays for hours. That’s
how he made friends with th’ pony. He’s got sheep on th’ moor that
knows him, an’ birds as comes an’ eats out of his hand. However little
there is to eat, he always saves a bit o’ his bread to coax his pets.”

It was really this mention of Dickon which made Mary decide to go out,
though she was not aware of it. There would be, birds outside though
there would not be ponies or sheep. They would be different from the
birds in India and it might amuse her to look at them.

Martha found her coat and hat for her and a pair of stout little boots
and she showed her her way downstairs.

“If tha’ goes round that way tha’ll come to th’ gardens,” she said,
pointing to a gate in a wall of shrubbery. “There’s lots o’ flowers in
summer-time, but there’s nothin’ bloomin’ now.” She seemed to hesitate
a second before she added, “One of th’ gardens is locked up. No one has
been in it for ten years.”

“Why?” asked Mary in spite of herself. Here was another locked door
added to the hundred in the strange house.

“Mr. Craven had it shut when his wife died so sudden. He won’t let no
one go inside. It was her garden. He locked th’ door an’ dug a hole and
buried th’ key. There’s Mrs. Medlock’s bell ringing—I must run.”

After she was gone Mary turned down the walk which led to the door in
the shrubbery. She could not help thinking about the garden which no
one had been into for ten years. She wondered what it would look like
and whether there were any flowers still alive in it. When she had
passed through the shrubbery gate she found herself in great gardens,
with wide lawns and winding walks with clipped borders. There were
trees, and flower-beds, and evergreens clipped into strange shapes, and
a large pool with an old gray fountain in its midst. But the
flower-beds were bare and wintry and the fountain was not playing. This
was not the garden which was shut up. How could a garden be shut up?
You could always walk into a garden.

She was just thinking this when she saw that, at the end of the path
she was following, there seemed to be a long wall, with ivy growing
over it. She was not familiar enough with England to know that she was
coming upon the kitchen-gardens where the vegetables and fruit were
growing. She went toward the wall and found that there was a green door
in the ivy, and that it stood open. This was not the closed garden,
evidently, and she could go into it.

She went through the door and found that it was a garden with walls all
round it and that it was only one of several walled gardens which
seemed to open into one another. She saw another open green door,
revealing bushes and pathways between beds containing winter
vegetables. Fruit-trees were trained flat against the wall, and over
some of the beds there were glass frames. The place was bare and ugly
enough, Mary thought, as she stood and stared about her. It might be
nicer in summer when things were green, but there was nothing pretty
about it now.

Presently an old man with a spade over his shoulder walked through the
door leading from the second garden. He looked startled when he saw
Mary, and then touched his cap. He had a surly old face, and did not
seem at all pleased to see her—but then she was displeased with his
garden and wore her “quite contrary” expression, and certainly did not
seem at all pleased to see him.

“What is this place?” she asked.

“One o’ th’ kitchen-gardens,” he answered.

“What is that?” said Mary, pointing through the other green door.

“Another of ’em,” shortly. “There’s another on t’other side o’ th’ wall
an’ there’s th’ orchard t’other side o’ that.”

“Can I go in them?” asked Mary.

“If tha’ likes. But there’s nowt to see.”

Mary made no response. She went down the path and through the second
green door. There, she found more walls and winter vegetables and glass
frames, but in the second wall there was another green door and it was
not open. Perhaps it led into the garden which no one had seen for ten
years. As she was not at all a timid child and always did what she
wanted to do, Mary went to the green door and turned the handle. She
hoped the door would not open because she wanted to be sure she had
found the mysterious garden—but it did open quite easily and she walked
through it and found herself in an orchard. There were walls all round
it also and trees trained against them, and there were bare fruit-trees
growing in the winter-browned grass—but there was no green door to be
seen anywhere. Mary looked for it, and yet when she had entered the
upper end of the garden she had noticed that the wall did not seem to
end with the orchard but to extend beyond it as if it enclosed a place
at the other side. She could see the tops of trees above the wall, and
when she stood still she saw a bird with a bright red breast sitting on
the topmost branch of one of them, and suddenly he burst into his
winter song—almost as if he had caught sight of her and was calling to
her.

She stopped and listened to him and somehow his cheerful, friendly
little whistle gave her a pleased feeling—even a disagreeable little
girl may be lonely, and the big closed house and big bare moor and big
bare gardens had made this one feel as if there was no one left in the
world but herself. If she had been an affectionate child, who had been
used to being loved, she would have broken her heart, but even though
she was “Mistress Mary Quite Contrary” she was desolate, and the
bright-breasted little bird brought a look into her sour little face
which was almost a smile. She listened to him until he flew away. He
was not like an Indian bird and she liked him and wondered if she
should ever see him again. Perhaps he lived in the mysterious garden
and knew all about it.

Perhaps it was because she had nothing whatever to do that she thought
so much of the deserted garden. She was curious about it and wanted to
see what it was like. Why had Mr. Archibald Craven buried the key? If
he had liked his wife so much why did he hate her garden? She wondered
if she should ever see him, but she knew that if she did she should not
like him, and he would not like her, and that she should only stand and
stare at him and say nothing, though she should be wanting dreadfully
to ask him why he had done such a queer thing.

“People never like me and I never like people,” she thought. “And I
never can talk as the Crawford children could. They were always talking
and laughing and making noises.”

She thought of the robin and of the way he seemed to sing his song at
her, and as she remembered the tree-top he perched on she stopped
rather suddenly on the path.

“I believe that tree was in the secret garden—I feel sure it was,” she
said. “There was a wall round the place and there was no door.”

She walked back into the first kitchen-garden she had entered and found
the old man digging there. She went and stood beside him and watched
him a few moments in her cold little way. He took no notice of her and
so at last she spoke to him.

“I have been into the other gardens,” she said.

“There was nothin’ to prevent thee,” he answered crustily.

“I went into the orchard.”

“There was no dog at th’ door to bite thee,” he answered.

“There was no door there into the other garden,” said Mary.

“What garden?” he said in a rough voice, stopping his digging for a
moment.

“The one on the other side of the wall,” answered Mistress Mary. “There
are trees there—I saw the tops of them. A bird with a red breast was
sitting on one of them and he sang.”

To her surprise the surly old weather-beaten face actually changed its
expression. A slow smile spread over it and the gardener looked quite
different. It made her think that it was curious how much nicer a
person looked when he smiled. She had not thought of it before.

He turned about to the orchard side of his garden and began to
whistle—a low soft whistle. She could not understand how such a surly
man could make such a coaxing sound.

Almost the next moment a wonderful thing happened. She heard a soft
little rushing flight through the air—and it was the bird with the red
breast flying to them, and he actually alighted on the big clod of
earth quite near to the gardener’s foot.

“Here he is,” chuckled the old man, and then he spoke to the bird as if
he were speaking to a child.

“Where has tha’ been, tha’ cheeky little beggar?” he said. “I’ve not
seen thee before today. Has tha begun tha’ courtin’ this early in th’
season? Tha’rt too forrad.”

The bird put his tiny head on one side and looked up at him with his
soft bright eye which was like a black dewdrop. He seemed quite
familiar and not the least afraid. He hopped about and pecked the earth
briskly, looking for seeds and insects. It actually gave Mary a queer
feeling in her heart, because he was so pretty and cheerful and seemed
so like a person. He had a tiny plump body and a delicate beak, and
slender delicate legs.

“Will he always come when you call him?” she asked almost in a whisper.

“Aye, that he will. I’ve knowed him ever since he was a fledgling. He
come out of th’ nest in th’ other garden an’ when first he flew over
th’ wall he was too weak to fly back for a few days an’ we got
friendly. When he went over th’ wall again th’ rest of th’ brood was
gone an’ he was lonely an’ he come back to me.”

“What kind of a bird is he?” Mary asked.

“Doesn’t tha’ know? He’s a robin redbreast an’ they’re th’ friendliest,
curiousest birds alive. They’re almost as friendly as dogs—if you know
how to get on with ’em. Watch him peckin’ about there an’ lookin’ round
at us now an’ again. He knows we’re talkin’ about him.”

It was the queerest thing in the world to see the old fellow. He looked
at the plump little scarlet-waistcoated bird as if he were both proud
and fond of him.

“He’s a conceited one,” he chuckled. “He likes to hear folk talk about
him. An’ curious—bless me, there never was his like for curiosity an’
meddlin’. He’s always comin’ to see what I’m plantin’. He knows all th’
things Mester Craven never troubles hissel’ to find out. He’s th’ head
gardener, he is.”

The robin hopped about busily pecking the soil and now and then stopped
and looked at them a little. Mary thought his black dewdrop eyes gazed
at her with great curiosity. It really seemed as if he were finding out
all about her. The queer feeling in her heart increased.

“Where did the rest of the brood fly to?” she asked.

“There’s no knowin’. The old ones turn ’em out o’ their nest an’ make
’em fly an’ they’re scattered before you know it. This one was a
knowin’ one an’ he knew he was lonely.”

Mistress Mary went a step nearer to the robin and looked at him very
hard.

“I’m lonely,” she said.

She had not known before that this was one of the things which made her
feel sour and cross. She seemed to find it out when the robin looked at
her and she looked at the robin.

The old gardener pushed his cap back on his bald head and stared at her
a minute.

“Art tha’ th’ little wench from India?” he asked.

Mary nodded.

“Then no wonder tha’rt lonely. Tha’lt be lonlier before tha’s done,” he
said.

He began to dig again, driving his spade deep into the rich black
garden soil while the robin hopped about very busily employed.

“What is your name?” Mary inquired.

He stood up to answer her.

“Ben Weatherstaff,” he answered, and then he added with a surly
chuckle, “I’m lonely mysel’ except when he’s with me,” and he jerked
his thumb toward the robin. “He’s th’ only friend I’ve got.”

“I have no friends at all,” said Mary. “I never had. My Ayah didn’t
like me and I never played with anyone.”

It is a Yorkshire habit to say what you think with blunt frankness, and
old Ben Weatherstaff was a Yorkshire moor man.

“Tha’ an’ me are a good bit alike,” he said. “We was wove out of th’
same cloth. We’re neither of us good lookin’ an’ we’re both of us as
sour as we look. We’ve got the same nasty tempers, both of us, I’ll
warrant.”

This was plain speaking, and Mary Lennox had never heard the truth
about herself in her life. Native servants always salaamed and
submitted to you, whatever you did. She had never thought much about
her looks, but she wondered if she was as unattractive as Ben
Weatherstaff and she also wondered if she looked as sour as he had
looked before the robin came. She actually began to wonder also if she
was “nasty tempered.” She felt uncomfortable.

Suddenly a clear rippling little sound broke out near her and she
turned round. She was standing a few feet from a young apple-tree and
the robin had flown on to one of its branches and had burst out into a
scrap of a song. Ben Weatherstaff laughed outright.

“What did he do that for?” asked Mary.

“He’s made up his mind to make friends with thee,” replied Ben. “Dang
me if he hasn’t took a fancy to thee.”

“To me?” said Mary, and she moved toward the little tree softly and
looked up.

“Would you make friends with me?” she said to the robin just as if she
was speaking to a person. “Would you?” And she did not say it either in
her hard little voice or in her imperious Indian voice, but in a tone
so soft and eager and coaxing that Ben Weatherstaff was as surprised as
she had been when she heard him whistle.

“Why,” he cried out, “tha’ said that as nice an’ human as if tha’ was a
real child instead of a sharp old woman. Tha’ said it almost like
Dickon talks to his wild things on th’ moor.”

“Do you know Dickon?” Mary asked, turning round rather in a hurry.

“Everybody knows him. Dickon’s wanderin’ about everywhere. Th’ very
blackberries an’ heather-bells knows him. I warrant th’ foxes shows him
where their cubs lies an’ th’ skylarks doesn’t hide their nests from
him.”

Mary would have liked to ask some more questions. She was almost as
curious about Dickon as she was about the deserted garden. But just
that moment the robin, who had ended his song, gave a little shake of
his wings, spread them and flew away. He had made his visit and had
other things to do.

“He has flown over the wall!” Mary cried out, watching him. “He has
flown into the orchard—he has flown across the other wall—into the
garden where there is no door!”

“He lives there,” said old Ben. “He came out o’ th’ egg there. If he’s
courtin’, he’s makin’ up to some young madam of a robin that lives
among th’ old rose-trees there.”

“Rose-trees,” said Mary. “Are there rose-trees?”

Ben Weatherstaff took up his spade again and began to dig.

“There was ten year’ ago,” he mumbled.

“I should like to see them,” said Mary. “Where is the green door? There
must be a door somewhere.”

Ben drove his spade deep and looked as uncompanionable as he had looked
when she first saw him.

“There was ten year’ ago, but there isn’t now,” he said.

“No door!” cried Mary. “There must be.”

“None as anyone can find, an’ none as is anyone’s business. Don’t you
be a meddlesome wench an’ poke your nose where it’s no cause to go.
Here, I must go on with my work. Get you gone an’ play you. I’ve no
more time.”

And he actually stopped digging, threw his spade over his shoulder and
walked off, without even glancing at her or saying good-by.




CHAPTER V
THE CRY IN THE CORRIDOR


At first each day which passed by for Mary Lennox was exactly like the
others. Every morning she awoke in her tapestried room and found Martha
kneeling upon the hearth building her fire; every morning she ate her
breakfast in the nursery which had nothing amusing in it; and after
each breakfast she gazed out of the window across to the huge moor
which seemed to spread out on all sides and climb up to the sky, and
after she had stared for a while she realized that if she did not go
out she would have to stay in and do nothing—and so she went out. She
did not know that this was the best thing she could have done, and she
did not know that, when she began to walk quickly or even run along the
paths and down the avenue, she was stirring her slow blood and making
herself stronger by fighting with the wind which swept down from the
moor. She ran only to make herself warm, and she hated the wind which
rushed at her face and roared and held her back as if it were some
giant she could not see. But the big breaths of rough fresh air blown
over the heather filled her lungs with something which was good for her
whole thin body and whipped some red color into her cheeks and
brightened her dull eyes when she did not know anything about it.

But after a few days spent almost entirely out of doors she wakened one
morning knowing what it was to be hungry, and when she sat down to her
breakfast she did not glance disdainfully at her porridge and push it
away, but took up her spoon and began to eat it and went on eating it
until her bowl was empty.

“Tha’ got on well enough with that this mornin’, didn’t tha’?” said
Martha.

“It tastes nice today,” said Mary, feeling a little surprised herself.

“It’s th’ air of th’ moor that’s givin’ thee stomach for tha’
victuals,” answered Martha. “It’s lucky for thee that tha’s got
victuals as well as appetite. There’s been twelve in our cottage as had
th’ stomach an’ nothin’ to put in it. You go on playin’ you out o’
doors every day an’ you’ll get some flesh on your bones an’ you won’t
be so yeller.”

“I don’t play,” said Mary. “I have nothing to play with.”

“Nothin’ to play with!” exclaimed Martha. “Our children plays with
sticks and stones. They just runs about an’ shouts an’ looks at
things.” Mary did not shout, but she looked at things. There was
nothing else to do. She walked round and round the gardens and wandered
about the paths in the park. Sometimes she looked for Ben Weatherstaff,
but though several times she saw him at work he was too busy to look at
her or was too surly. Once when she was walking toward him he picked up
his spade and turned away as if he did it on purpose.

One place she went to oftener than to any other. It was the long walk
outside the gardens with the walls round them. There were bare
flower-beds on either side of it and against the walls ivy grew
thickly. There was one part of the wall where the creeping dark green
leaves were more bushy than elsewhere. It seemed as if for a long time
that part had been neglected. The rest of it had been clipped and made
to look neat, but at this lower end of the walk it had not been trimmed
at all.

A few days after she had talked to Ben Weatherstaff, Mary stopped to
notice this and wondered why it was so. She had just paused and was
looking up at a long spray of ivy swinging in the wind when she saw a
gleam of scarlet and heard a brilliant chirp, and there, on the top of
the wall, perched Ben Weatherstaff’s robin redbreast, tilting forward
to look at her with his small head on one side.

“Oh!” she cried out, “is it you—is it you?” And it did not seem at all
queer to her that she spoke to him as if she were sure that he would
understand and answer her.

He did answer. He twittered and chirped and hopped along the wall as if
he were telling her all sorts of things. It seemed to Mistress Mary as
if she understood him, too, though he was not speaking in words. It was
as if he said:

“Good morning! Isn’t the wind nice? Isn’t the sun nice? Isn’t
everything nice? Let us both chirp and hop and twitter. Come on! Come
on!”

Mary began to laugh, and as he hopped and took little flights along the
wall she ran after him. Poor little thin, sallow, ugly Mary—she
actually looked almost pretty for a moment.

“I like you! I like you!” she cried out, pattering down the walk; and
she chirped and tried to whistle, which last she did not know how to do
in the least. But the robin seemed to be quite satisfied and chirped
and whistled back at her. At last he spread his wings and made a
darting flight to the top of a tree, where he perched and sang loudly.

That reminded Mary of the first time she had seen him. He had been
swinging on a tree-top then and she had been standing in the orchard.
Now she was on the other side of the orchard and standing in the path
outside a wall—much lower down—and there was the same tree inside.

“It’s in the garden no one can go into,” she said to herself. “It’s the
garden without a door. He lives in there. How I wish I could see what
it is like!”

She ran up the walk to the green door she had entered the first
morning. Then she ran down the path through the other door and then
into the orchard, and when she stood and looked up there was the tree
on the other side of the wall, and there was the robin just finishing
his song and beginning to preen his feathers with his beak.

“It is the garden,” she said. “I am sure it is.”

She walked round and looked closely at that side of the orchard wall,
but she only found what she had found before—that there was no door in
it. Then she ran through the kitchen-gardens again and out into the
walk outside the long ivy-covered wall, and she walked to the end of it
and looked at it, but there was no door; and then she walked to the
other end, looking again, but there was no door.

“It’s very queer,” she said. “Ben Weatherstaff said there was no door
and there is no door. But there must have been one ten years ago,
because Mr. Craven buried the key.”

This gave her so much to think of that she began to be quite interested
and feel that she was not sorry that she had come to Misselthwaite
Manor. In India she had always felt hot and too languid to care much
about anything. The fact was that the fresh wind from the moor had
begun to blow the cobwebs out of her young brain and to waken her up a
little.

She stayed out of doors nearly all day, and when she sat down to her
supper at night she felt hungry and drowsy and comfortable. She did not
feel cross when Martha chattered away. She felt as if she rather liked
to hear her, and at last she thought she would ask her a question. She
asked it after she had finished her supper and had sat down on the
hearth-rug before the fire.

“Why did Mr. Craven hate the garden?” she said.

She had made Martha stay with her and Martha had not objected at all.
She was very young, and used to a crowded cottage full of brothers and
sisters, and she found it dull in the great servants’ hall downstairs
where the footman and upper-housemaids made fun of her Yorkshire speech
and looked upon her as a common little thing, and sat and whispered
among themselves. Martha liked to talk, and the strange child who had
lived in India, and been waited upon by “blacks,” was novelty enough to
attract her.

She sat down on the hearth herself without waiting to be asked.

“Art tha’ thinkin’ about that garden yet?” she said. “I knew tha’
would. That was just the way with me when I first heard about it.”

“Why did he hate it?” Mary persisted.

Martha tucked her feet under her and made herself quite comfortable.

“Listen to th’ wind wutherin’ round the house,” she said. “You could
bare stand up on the moor if you was out on it tonight.”

Mary did not know what “wutherin’” meant until she listened, and then
she understood. It must mean that hollow shuddering sort of roar which
rushed round and round the house as if the giant no one could see were
buffeting it and beating at the walls and windows to try to break in.
But one knew he could not get in, and somehow it made one feel very
safe and warm inside a room with a red coal fire.

“But why did he hate it so?” she asked, after she had listened. She
intended to know if Martha did.

Then Martha gave up her store of knowledge.

“Mind,” she said, “Mrs. Medlock said it’s not to be talked about.
There’s lots o’ things in this place that’s not to be talked over.
That’s Mr. Craven’s orders. His troubles are none servants’ business,
he says. But for th’ garden he wouldn’t be like he is. It was Mrs.
Craven’s garden that she had made when first they were married an’ she
just loved it, an’ they used to ’tend the flowers themselves. An’ none
o’ th’ gardeners was ever let to go in. Him an’ her used to go in an’
shut th’ door an’ stay there hours an’ hours, readin’ and talkin’. An’
she was just a bit of a girl an’ there was an old tree with a branch
bent like a seat on it. An’ she made roses grow over it an’ she used to
sit there. But one day when she was sittin’ there th’ branch broke an’
she fell on th’ ground an’ was hurt so bad that next day she died. Th’
doctors thought he’d go out o’ his mind an’ die, too. That’s why he
hates it. No one’s never gone in since, an’ he won’t let anyone talk
about it.”

Mary did not ask any more questions. She looked at the red fire and
listened to the wind “wutherin’.” It seemed to be “wutherin’” louder
than ever.

At that moment a very good thing was happening to her. Four good things
had happened to her, in fact, since she came to Misselthwaite Manor.
She had felt as if she had understood a robin and that he had
understood her; she had run in the wind until her blood had grown warm;
she had been healthily hungry for the first time in her life; and she
had found out what it was to be sorry for someone.

But as she was listening to the wind she began to listen to something
else. She did not know what it was, because at first she could scarcely
distinguish it from the wind itself. It was a curious sound—it seemed
almost as if a child were crying somewhere. Sometimes the wind sounded
rather like a child crying, but presently Mistress Mary felt quite sure
this sound was inside the house, not outside it. It was far away, but
it was inside. She turned round and looked at Martha.

“Do you hear anyone crying?” she said.

Martha suddenly looked confused.

“No,” she answered. “It’s th’ wind. Sometimes it sounds like as if
someone was lost on th’ moor an’ wailin’. It’s got all sorts o’
sounds.”

“But listen,” said Mary. “It’s in the house—down one of those long
corridors.”

And at that very moment a door must have been opened somewhere
downstairs; for a great rushing draft blew along the passage and the
door of the room they sat in was blown open with a crash, and as they
both jumped to their feet the light was blown out and the crying sound
was swept down the far corridor so that it was to be heard more plainly
than ever.

“There!” said Mary. “I told you so! It is someone crying—and it isn’t a
grown-up person.”

Martha ran and shut the door and turned the key, but before she did it
they both heard the sound of a door in some far passage shutting with a
bang, and then everything was quiet, for even the wind ceased
“wutherin’” for a few moments.

“It was th’ wind,” said Martha stubbornly. “An’ if it wasn’t, it was
little Betty Butterworth, th’ scullery-maid. She’s had th’ toothache
all day.”

But something troubled and awkward in her manner made Mistress Mary
stare very hard at her. She did not believe she was speaking the truth.




CHAPTER VI.
“THERE WAS SOMEONE CRYING—THERE WAS!”


The next day the rain poured down in torrents again, and when Mary
looked out of her window the moor was almost hidden by gray mist and
cloud. There could be no going out today.

“What do you do in your cottage when it rains like this?” she asked
Martha.

“Try to keep from under each other’s feet mostly,” Martha answered.
“Eh! there does seem a lot of us then. Mother’s a good-tempered woman
but she gets fair moithered. The biggest ones goes out in th’ cow-shed
and plays there. Dickon he doesn’t mind th’ wet. He goes out just th’
same as if th’ sun was shinin’. He says he sees things on rainy days as
doesn’t show when it’s fair weather. He once found a little fox cub
half drowned in its hole and he brought it home in th’ bosom of his
shirt to keep it warm. Its mother had been killed nearby an’ th’ hole
was swum out an’ th’ rest o’ th’ litter was dead. He’s got it at home
now. He found a half-drowned young crow another time an’ he brought it
home, too, an’ tamed it. It’s named Soot because it’s so black, an’ it
hops an’ flies about with him everywhere.”

The time had come when Mary had forgotten to resent Martha’s familiar
talk. She had even begun to find it interesting and to be sorry when
she stopped or went away. The stories she had been told by her Ayah
when she lived in India had been quite unlike those Martha had to tell
about the moorland cottage which held fourteen people who lived in four
little rooms and never had quite enough to eat. The children seemed to
tumble about and amuse themselves like a litter of rough, good-natured
collie puppies. Mary was most attracted by the mother and Dickon. When
Martha told stories of what “mother” said or did they always sounded
comfortable.

“If I had a raven or a fox cub I could play with it,” said Mary. “But I
have nothing.”

Martha looked perplexed.

“Can tha’ knit?” she asked.

“No,” answered Mary.

“Can tha’ sew?”

“No.”

“Can tha’ read?”

“Yes.”

“Then why doesn’t tha read somethin’, or learn a bit o’ spellin’?
Tha’st old enough to be learnin’ thy book a good bit now.”

“I haven’t any books,” said Mary. “Those I had were left in India.”

“That’s a pity,” said Martha. “If Mrs. Medlock’d let thee go into th’
library, there’s thousands o’ books there.”

Mary did not ask where the library was, because she was suddenly
inspired by a new idea. She made up her mind to go and find it herself.
She was not troubled about Mrs. Medlock. Mrs. Medlock seemed always to
be in her comfortable housekeeper’s sitting-room downstairs. In this
queer place one scarcely ever saw anyone at all. In fact, there was no
one to see but the servants, and when their master was away they lived
a luxurious life below stairs, where there was a huge kitchen hung
about with shining brass and pewter, and a large servants’ hall where
there were four or five abundant meals eaten every day, and where a
great deal of lively romping went on when Mrs. Medlock was out of the
way.

Mary’s meals were served regularly, and Martha waited on her, but no
one troubled themselves about her in the least. Mrs. Medlock came and
looked at her every day or two, but no one inquired what she did or
told her what to do. She supposed that perhaps this was the English way
of treating children. In India she had always been attended by her
Ayah, who had followed her about and waited on her, hand and foot. She
had often been tired of her company. Now she was followed by nobody and
was learning to dress herself because Martha looked as though she
thought she was silly and stupid when she wanted to have things handed
to her and put on.

“Hasn’t tha’ got good sense?” she said once, when Mary had stood
waiting for her to put on her gloves for her. “Our Susan Ann is twice
as sharp as thee an’ she’s only four year’ old. Sometimes tha’ looks
fair soft in th’ head.”

Mary had worn her contrary scowl for an hour after that, but it made
her think several entirely new things.

She stood at the window for about ten minutes this morning after Martha
had swept up the hearth for the last time and gone downstairs. She was
thinking over the new idea which had come to her when she heard of the
library. She did not care very much about the library itself, because
she had read very few books; but to hear of it brought back to her mind
the hundred rooms with closed doors. She wondered if they were all
really locked and what she would find if she could get into any of
them. Were there a hundred really? Why shouldn’t she go and see how
many doors she could count? It would be something to do on this morning
when she could not go out. She had never been taught to ask permission
to do things, and she knew nothing at all about authority, so she would
not have thought it necessary to ask Mrs. Medlock if she might walk
about the house, even if she had seen her.

She opened the door of the room and went into the corridor, and then
she began her wanderings. It was a long corridor and it branched into
other corridors and it led her up short flights of steps which mounted
to others again. There were doors and doors, and there were pictures on
the walls. Sometimes they were pictures of dark, curious landscapes,
but oftenest they were portraits of men and women in queer, grand
costumes made of satin and velvet. She found herself in one long
gallery whose walls were covered with these portraits. She had never
thought there could be so many in any house. She walked slowly down
this place and stared at the faces which also seemed to stare at her.
She felt as if they were wondering what a little girl from India was
doing in their house. Some were pictures of children—little girls in
thick satin frocks which reached to their feet and stood out about
them, and boys with puffed sleeves and lace collars and long hair, or
with big ruffs around their necks. She always stopped to look at the
children, and wonder what their names were, and where they had gone,
and why they wore such odd clothes. There was a stiff, plain little
girl rather like herself. She wore a green brocade dress and held a
green parrot on her finger. Her eyes had a sharp, curious look.

“Where do you live now?” said Mary aloud to her. “I wish you were
here.”

Surely no other little girl ever spent such a queer morning. It seemed
as if there was no one in all the huge rambling house but her own small
self, wandering about upstairs and down, through narrow passages and
wide ones, where it seemed to her that no one but herself had ever
walked. Since so many rooms had been built, people must have lived in
them, but it all seemed so empty that she could not quite believe it
true.

It was not until she climbed to the second floor that she thought of
turning the handle of a door. All the doors were shut, as Mrs. Medlock
had said they were, but at last she put her hand on the handle of one
of them and turned it. She was almost frightened for a moment when she
felt that it turned without difficulty and that when she pushed upon
the door itself it slowly and heavily opened. It was a massive door and
opened into a big bedroom. There were embroidered hangings on the wall,
and inlaid furniture such as she had seen in India stood about the
room. A broad window with leaded panes looked out upon the moor; and
over the mantel was another portrait of the stiff, plain little girl
who seemed to stare at her more curiously than ever.

“Perhaps she slept here once,” said Mary. “She stares at me so that she
makes me feel queer.”

After that she opened more doors and more. She saw so many rooms that
she became quite tired and began to think that there must be a hundred,
though she had not counted them. In all of them there were old pictures
or old tapestries with strange scenes worked on them. There were
curious pieces of furniture and curious ornaments in nearly all of
them.

In one room, which looked like a lady’s sitting-room, the hangings were
all embroidered velvet, and in a cabinet were about a hundred little
elephants made of ivory. They were of different sizes, and some had
their mahouts or palanquins on their backs. Some were much bigger than
the others and some were so tiny that they seemed only babies. Mary had
seen carved ivory in India and she knew all about elephants. She opened
the door of the cabinet and stood on a footstool and played with these
for quite a long time. When she got tired she set the elephants in
order and shut the door of the cabinet.

In all her wanderings through the long corridors and the empty rooms,
she had seen nothing alive; but in this room she saw something. Just
after she had closed the cabinet door she heard a tiny rustling sound.
It made her jump and look around at the sofa by the fireplace, from
which it seemed to come. In the corner of the sofa there was a cushion,
and in the velvet which covered it there was a hole, and out of the
hole peeped a tiny head with a pair of frightened eyes in it.

Mary crept softly across the room to look. The bright eyes belonged to
a little gray mouse, and the mouse had eaten a hole into the cushion
and made a comfortable nest there. Six baby mice were cuddled up asleep
near her. If there was no one else alive in the hundred rooms there
were seven mice who did not look lonely at all.

“If they wouldn’t be so frightened I would take them back with me,”
said Mary.

She had wandered about long enough to feel too tired to wander any
farther, and she turned back. Two or three times she lost her way by
turning down the wrong corridor and was obliged to ramble up and down
until she found the right one; but at last she reached her own floor
again, though she was some distance from her own room and did not know
exactly where she was.

“I believe I have taken a wrong turning again,” she said, standing
still at what seemed the end of a short passage with tapestry on the
wall. “I don’t know which way to go. How still everything is!”

It was while she was standing here and just after she had said this
that the stillness was broken by a sound. It was another cry, but not
quite like the one she had heard last night; it was only a short one, a
fretful childish whine muffled by passing through walls.

“It’s nearer than it was,” said Mary, her heart beating rather faster.
“And it _is_ crying.”

She put her hand accidentally upon the tapestry near her, and then
sprang back, feeling quite startled. The tapestry was the covering of a
door which fell open and showed her that there was another part of the
corridor behind it, and Mrs. Medlock was coming up it with her bunch of
keys in her hand and a very cross look on her face.

“What are you doing here?” she said, and she took Mary by the arm and
pulled her away. “What did I tell you?”

“I turned round the wrong corner,” explained Mary. “I didn’t know which
way to go and I heard someone crying.” She quite hated Mrs. Medlock at
the moment, but she hated her more the next.

“You didn’t hear anything of the sort,” said the housekeeper. “You come
along back to your own nursery or I’ll box your ears.”

And she took her by the arm and half pushed, half pulled her up one
passage and down another until she pushed her in at the door of her own
room.

“Now,” she said, “you stay where you’re told to stay or you’ll find
yourself locked up. The master had better get you a governess, same as
he said he would. You’re one that needs someone to look sharp after
you. I’ve got enough to do.”

She went out of the room and slammed the door after her, and Mary went
and sat on the hearth-rug, pale with rage. She did not cry, but ground
her teeth.

“There _was_ someone crying—there _was_—there _was!_” she said to
herself.

She had heard it twice now, and sometime she would find out. She had
found out a great deal this morning. She felt as if she had been on a
long journey, and at any rate she had had something to amuse her all
the time, and she had played with the ivory elephants and had seen the
gray mouse and its babies in their nest in the velvet cushion.




CHAPTER VII.
THE KEY TO THE GARDEN


Two days after this, when Mary opened her eyes she sat upright in bed
immediately, and called to Martha.

“Look at the moor! Look at the moor!”

The rainstorm had ended and the gray mist and clouds had been swept
away in the night by the wind. The wind itself had ceased and a
brilliant, deep blue sky arched high over the moorland. Never, never
had Mary dreamed of a sky so blue. In India skies were hot and blazing;
this was of a deep cool blue which almost seemed to sparkle like the
waters of some lovely bottomless lake, and here and there, high, high
in the arched blueness floated small clouds of snow-white fleece. The
far-reaching world of the moor itself looked softly blue instead of
gloomy purple-black or awful dreary gray.

“Aye,” said Martha with a cheerful grin. “Th’ storm’s over for a bit.
It does like this at this time o’ th’ year. It goes off in a night like
it was pretendin’ it had never been here an’ never meant to come again.
That’s because th’ springtime’s on its way. It’s a long way off yet,
but it’s comin’.”

“I thought perhaps it always rained or looked dark in England,” Mary
said.

“Eh! no!” said Martha, sitting up on her heels among her black lead
brushes. “Nowt o’ th’ soart!”

“What does that mean?” asked Mary seriously. In India the natives spoke
different dialects which only a few people understood, so she was not
surprised when Martha used words she did not know.

Martha laughed as she had done the first morning.

“There now,” she said. “I’ve talked broad Yorkshire again like Mrs.
Medlock said I mustn’t. ‘Nowt o’ th’ soart’ means
‘nothin’-of-the-sort,’” slowly and carefully, “but it takes so long to
say it. Yorkshire’s th’ sunniest place on earth when it is sunny. I
told thee tha’d like th’ moor after a bit. Just you wait till you see
th’ gold-colored gorse blossoms an’ th’ blossoms o’ th’ broom, an’ th’
heather flowerin’, all purple bells, an’ hundreds o’ butterflies
flutterin’ an’ bees hummin’ an’ skylarks soarin’ up an’ singin’. You’ll
want to get out on it at sunrise an’ live out on it all day like Dickon
does.”

“Could I ever get there?” asked Mary wistfully, looking through her
window at the far-off blue. It was so new and big and wonderful and
such a heavenly color.

“I don’t know,” answered Martha. “Tha’s never used tha’ legs since tha’
was born, it seems to me. Tha’ couldn’t walk five mile. It’s five mile
to our cottage.”

“I should like to see your cottage.”

Martha stared at her a moment curiously before she took up her
polishing brush and began to rub the grate again. She was thinking that
the small plain face did not look quite as sour at this moment as it
had done the first morning she saw it. It looked just a trifle like
little Susan Ann’s when she wanted something very much.

“I’ll ask my mother about it,” she said. “She’s one o’ them that nearly
always sees a way to do things. It’s my day out today an’ I’m goin’
home. Eh! I am glad. Mrs. Medlock thinks a lot o’ mother. Perhaps she
could talk to her.”

“I like your mother,” said Mary.

“I should think tha’ did,” agreed Martha, polishing away.

“I’ve never seen her,” said Mary.

“No, tha’ hasn’t,” replied Martha.

She sat up on her heels again and rubbed the end of her nose with the
back of her hand as if puzzled for a moment, but she ended quite
positively.

“Well, she’s that sensible an’ hard workin’ an’ good-natured an’ clean
that no one could help likin’ her whether they’d seen her or not. When
I’m goin’ home to her on my day out I just jump for joy when I’m
crossin’ the moor.”

“I like Dickon,” added Mary. “And I’ve never seen him.”

“Well,” said Martha stoutly, “I’ve told thee that th’ very birds likes
him an’ th’ rabbits an’ wild sheep an’ ponies, an’ th’ foxes
themselves. I wonder,” staring at her reflectively, “what Dickon would
think of thee?”

“He wouldn’t like me,” said Mary in her stiff, cold little way. “No one
does.”

Martha looked reflective again.

“How does tha’ like thysel’?” she inquired, really quite as if she were
curious to know.

Mary hesitated a moment and thought it over.

“Not at all—really,” she answered. “But I never thought of that
before.”

Martha grinned a little as if at some homely recollection.

“Mother said that to me once,” she said. “She was at her wash-tub an’ I
was in a bad temper an’ talkin’ ill of folk, an’ she turns round on me
an’ says: ‘Tha’ young vixen, tha’! There tha’ stands sayin’ tha’
doesn’t like this one an’ tha’ doesn’t like that one. How does tha’
like thysel’?’ It made me laugh an’ it brought me to my senses in a
minute.”

She went away in high spirits as soon as she had given Mary her
breakfast. She was going to walk five miles across the moor to the
cottage, and she was going to help her mother with the washing and do
the week’s baking and enjoy herself thoroughly.

Mary felt lonelier than ever when she knew she was no longer in the
house. She went out into the garden as quickly as possible, and the
first thing she did was to run round and round the fountain flower
garden ten times. She counted the times carefully and when she had
finished she felt in better spirits. The sunshine made the whole place
look different. The high, deep, blue sky arched over Misselthwaite as
well as over the moor, and she kept lifting her face and looking up
into it, trying to imagine what it would be like to lie down on one of
the little snow-white clouds and float about. She went into the first
kitchen-garden and found Ben Weatherstaff working there with two other
gardeners. The change in the weather seemed to have done him good. He
spoke to her of his own accord.

“Springtime’s comin,’” he said. “Cannot tha’ smell it?”

Mary sniffed and thought she could.

“I smell something nice and fresh and damp,” she said.

“That’s th’ good rich earth,” he answered, digging away. “It’s in a
good humor makin’ ready to grow things. It’s glad when plantin’ time
comes. It’s dull in th’ winter when it’s got nowt to do. In th’ flower
gardens out there things will be stirrin’ down below in th’ dark. Th’
sun’s warmin’ ’em. You’ll see bits o’ green spikes stickin’ out o’ th’
black earth after a bit.”

“What will they be?” asked Mary.

“Crocuses an’ snowdrops an’ daffydowndillys. Has tha’ never seen them?”

“No. Everything is hot, and wet, and green after the rains in India,”
said Mary. “And I think things grow up in a night.”

“These won’t grow up in a night,” said Weatherstaff. “Tha’ll have to
wait for ’em. They’ll poke up a bit higher here, an’ push out a spike
more there, an’ uncurl a leaf this day an’ another that. You watch
’em.”

“I am going to,” answered Mary.

Very soon she heard the soft rustling flight of wings again and she
knew at once that the robin had come again. He was very pert and
lively, and hopped about so close to her feet, and put his head on one
side and looked at her so slyly that she asked Ben Weatherstaff a
question.

“Do you think he remembers me?” she said.

“Remembers thee!” said Weatherstaff indignantly. “He knows every
cabbage stump in th’ gardens, let alone th’ people. He’s never seen a
little wench here before, an’ he’s bent on findin’ out all about thee.
Tha’s no need to try to hide anything from _him_.”

“Are things stirring down below in the dark in that garden where he
lives?” Mary inquired.

“What garden?” grunted Weatherstaff, becoming surly again.

“The one where the old rose-trees are.” She could not help asking,
because she wanted so much to know. “Are all the flowers dead, or do
some of them come again in the summer? Are there ever any roses?”

“Ask him,” said Ben Weatherstaff, hunching his shoulders toward the
robin. “He’s the only one as knows. No one else has seen inside it for
ten year’.”

Ten years was a long time, Mary thought. She had been born ten years
ago.

She walked away, slowly thinking. She had begun to like the garden just
as she had begun to like the robin and Dickon and Martha’s mother. She
was beginning to like Martha, too. That seemed a good many people to
like—when you were not used to liking. She thought of the robin as one
of the people. She went to her walk outside the long, ivy-covered wall
over which she could see the tree-tops; and the second time she walked
up and down the most interesting and exciting thing happened to her,
and it was all through Ben Weatherstaff’s robin.

She heard a chirp and a twitter, and when she looked at the bare
flower-bed at her left side there he was hopping about and pretending
to peck things out of the earth to persuade her that he had not
followed her. But she knew he had followed her and the surprise so
filled her with delight that she almost trembled a little.

“You do remember me!” she cried out. “You do! You are prettier than
anything else in the world!”

She chirped, and talked, and coaxed and he hopped, and flirted his tail
and twittered. It was as if he were talking. His red waistcoat was like
satin and he puffed his tiny breast out and was so fine and so grand
and so pretty that it was really as if he were showing her how
important and like a human person a robin could be. Mistress Mary
forgot that she had ever been contrary in her life when he allowed her
to draw closer and closer to him, and bend down and talk and try to
make something like robin sounds.

Oh! to think that he should actually let her come as near to him as
that! He knew nothing in the world would make her put out her hand
toward him or startle him in the least tiniest way. He knew it because
he was a real person—only nicer than any other person in the world. She
was so happy that she scarcely dared to breathe.

The flower-bed was not quite bare. It was bare of flowers because the
perennial plants had been cut down for their winter rest, but there
were tall shrubs and low ones which grew together at the back of the
bed, and as the robin hopped about under them she saw him hop over a
small pile of freshly turned up earth. He stopped on it to look for a
worm. The earth had been turned up because a dog had been trying to dig
up a mole and he had scratched quite a deep hole.

Mary looked at it, not really knowing why the hole was there, and as
she looked she saw something almost buried in the newly-turned soil. It
was something like a ring of rusty iron or brass and when the robin
flew up into a tree nearby she put out her hand and picked the ring up.
It was more than a ring, however; it was an old key which looked as if
it had been buried a long time.

Mistress Mary stood up and looked at it with an almost frightened face
as it hung from her finger.

“Perhaps it has been buried for ten years,” she said in a whisper.
“Perhaps it is the key to the garden!”




CHAPTER VIII.
THE ROBIN WHO SHOWED THE WAY


She looked at the key quite a long time. She turned it over and over,
and thought about it. As I have said before, she was not a child who
had been trained to ask permission or consult her elders about things.
All she thought about the key was that if it was the key to the closed
garden, and she could find out where the door was, she could perhaps
open it and see what was inside the walls, and what had happened to the
old rose-trees. It was because it had been shut up so long that she
wanted to see it. It seemed as if it must be different from other
places and that something strange must have happened to it during ten
years. Besides that, if she liked it she could go into it every day and
shut the door behind her, and she could make up some play of her own
and play it quite alone, because nobody would ever know where she was,
but would think the door was still locked and the key buried in the
earth. The thought of that pleased her very much.

Living as it were, all by herself in a house with a hundred
mysteriously closed rooms and having nothing whatever to do to amuse
herself, had set her inactive brain to working and was actually
awakening her imagination. There is no doubt that the fresh, strong,
pure air from the moor had a great deal to do with it. Just as it had
given her an appetite, and fighting with the wind had stirred her
blood, so the same things had stirred her mind. In India she had always
been too hot and languid and weak to care much about anything, but in
this place she was beginning to care and to want to do new things.
Already she felt less “contrary,” though she did not know why.

She put the key in her pocket and walked up and down her walk. No one
but herself ever seemed to come there, so she could walk slowly and
look at the wall, or, rather, at the ivy growing on it. The ivy was the
baffling thing. Howsoever carefully she looked she could see nothing
but thickly growing, glossy, dark green leaves. She was very much
disappointed. Something of her contrariness came back to her as she
paced the walk and looked over it at the tree-tops inside. It seemed so
silly, she said to herself, to be near it and not be able to get in.
She took the key in her pocket when she went back to the house, and she
made up her mind that she would always carry it with her when she went
out, so that if she ever should find the hidden door she would be
ready.

Mrs. Medlock had allowed Martha to sleep all night at the cottage, but
she was back at her work in the morning with cheeks redder than ever
and in the best of spirits.

“I got up at four o’clock,” she said. “Eh! it was pretty on th’ moor
with th’ birds gettin’ up an’ th’ rabbits scamperin’ about an’ th’ sun
risin’. I didn’t walk all th’ way. A man gave me a ride in his cart an’
I did enjoy myself.”

She was full of stories of the delights of her day out. Her mother had
been glad to see her and they had got the baking and washing all out of
the way. She had even made each of the children a doughcake with a bit
of brown sugar in it.

“I had ’em all pipin’ hot when they came in from playin’ on th’ moor.
An’ th’ cottage all smelt o’ nice, clean hot bakin’ an’ there was a
good fire, an’ they just shouted for joy. Our Dickon he said our
cottage was good enough for a king to live in.”

In the evening they had all sat round the fire, and Martha and her
mother had sewed patches on torn clothes and mended stockings and
Martha had told them about the little girl who had come from India and
who had been waited on all her life by what Martha called “blacks”
until she didn’t know how to put on her own stockings.

“Eh! they did like to hear about you,” said Martha. “They wanted to
know all about th’ blacks an’ about th’ ship you came in. I couldn’t
tell ’em enough.”

Mary reflected a little.

“I’ll tell you a great deal more before your next day out,” she said,
“so that you will have more to talk about. I dare say they would like
to hear about riding on elephants and camels, and about the officers
going to hunt tigers.”

“My word!” cried delighted Martha. “It would set ’em clean off their
heads. Would tha’ really do that, Miss? It would be same as a wild
beast show like we heard they had in York once.”

“India is quite different from Yorkshire,” Mary said slowly, as she
thought the matter over. “I never thought of that. Did Dickon and your
mother like to hear you talk about me?”

“Why, our Dickon’s eyes nearly started out o’ his head, they got that
round,” answered Martha. “But mother, she was put out about your
seemin’ to be all by yourself like. She said, ‘Hasn’t Mr. Craven got no
governess for her, nor no nurse?’ and I said, ‘No, he hasn’t, though
Mrs. Medlock says he will when he thinks of it, but she says he mayn’t
think of it for two or three years.’”

“I don’t want a governess,” said Mary sharply.

“But mother says you ought to be learnin’ your book by this time an’
you ought to have a woman to look after you, an’ she says: ‘Now,
Martha, you just think how you’d feel yourself, in a big place like
that, wanderin’ about all alone, an’ no mother. You do your best to
cheer her up,’ she says, an’ I said I would.”

Mary gave her a long, steady look.

“You do cheer me up,” she said. “I like to hear you talk.”

Presently Martha went out of the room and came back with something held
in her hands under her apron.

“What does tha’ think,” she said, with a cheerful grin. “I’ve brought
thee a present.”

“A present!” exclaimed Mistress Mary. How could a cottage full of
fourteen hungry people give anyone a present!

“A man was drivin’ across the moor peddlin’,” Martha explained. “An’ he
stopped his cart at our door. He had pots an’ pans an’ odds an’ ends,
but mother had no money to buy anythin’. Just as he was goin’ away our
’Lizabeth Ellen called out, ‘Mother, he’s got skippin’-ropes with red
an’ blue handles.’ An’ mother she calls out quite sudden, ‘Here, stop,
mister! How much are they?’ An’ he says ‘Tuppence’, an’ mother she
began fumblin’ in her pocket an’ she says to me, ‘Martha, tha’s brought
me thy wages like a good lass, an’ I’ve got four places to put every
penny, but I’m just goin’ to take tuppence out of it to buy that child
a skippin’-rope,’ an’ she bought one an’ here it is.”

She brought it out from under her apron and exhibited it quite proudly.
It was a strong, slender rope with a striped red and blue handle at
each end, but Mary Lennox had never seen a skipping-rope before. She
gazed at it with a mystified expression.

“What is it for?” she asked curiously.

“For!” cried out Martha. “Does tha’ mean that they’ve not got
skippin’-ropes in India, for all they’ve got elephants and tigers and
camels! No wonder most of ’em’s black. This is what it’s for; just
watch me.”

And she ran into the middle of the room and, taking a handle in each
hand, began to skip, and skip, and skip, while Mary turned in her chair
to stare at her, and the queer faces in the old portraits seemed to
stare at her, too, and wonder what on earth this common little cottager
had the impudence to be doing under their very noses. But Martha did
not even see them. The interest and curiosity in Mistress Mary’s face
delighted her, and she went on skipping and counted as she skipped
until she had reached a hundred.

“I could skip longer than that,” she said when she stopped. “I’ve
skipped as much as five hundred when I was twelve, but I wasn’t as fat
then as I am now, an’ I was in practice.”

Mary got up from her chair beginning to feel excited herself.

“It looks nice,” she said. “Your mother is a kind woman. Do you think I
could ever skip like that?”

“You just try it,” urged Martha, handing her the skipping-rope. “You
can’t skip a hundred at first, but if you practice you’ll mount up.
That’s what mother said. She says, ‘Nothin’ will do her more good than
skippin’ rope. It’s th’ sensiblest toy a child can have. Let her play
out in th’ fresh air skippin’ an’ it’ll stretch her legs an’ arms an’
give her some strength in ’em.’”

It was plain that there was not a great deal of strength in Mistress
Mary’s arms and legs when she first began to skip. She was not very
clever at it, but she liked it so much that she did not want to stop.

“Put on tha’ things and run an’ skip out o’ doors,” said Martha.
“Mother said I must tell you to keep out o’ doors as much as you could,
even when it rains a bit, so as tha’ wrap up warm.”

Mary put on her coat and hat and took her skipping-rope over her arm.
She opened the door to go out, and then suddenly thought of something
and turned back rather slowly.

“Martha,” she said, “they were your wages. It was your two-pence
really. Thank you.” She said it stiffly because she was not used to
thanking people or noticing that they did things for her. “Thank you,”
she said, and held out her hand because she did not know what else to
do.

Martha gave her hand a clumsy little shake, as if she was not
accustomed to this sort of thing either. Then she laughed.

“Eh! th’ art a queer, old-womanish thing,” she said. “If tha’d been our
’Lizabeth Ellen tha’d have given me a kiss.”

Mary looked stiffer than ever.

“Do you want me to kiss you?”

Martha laughed again.

“Nay, not me,” she answered. “If tha’ was different, p’raps tha’d want
to thysel’. But tha’ isn’t. Run off outside an’ play with thy rope.”

Mistress Mary felt a little awkward as she went out of the room.
Yorkshire people seemed strange, and Martha was always rather a puzzle
to her. At first she had disliked her very much, but now she did not.
The skipping-rope was a wonderful thing. She counted and skipped, and
skipped and counted, until her cheeks were quite red, and she was more
interested than she had ever been since she was born. The sun was
shining and a little wind was blowing—not a rough wind, but one which
came in delightful little gusts and brought a fresh scent of newly
turned earth with it. She skipped round the fountain garden, and up one
walk and down another. She skipped at last into the kitchen-garden and
saw Ben Weatherstaff digging and talking to his robin, which was
hopping about him. She skipped down the walk toward him and he lifted
his head and looked at her with a curious expression. She had wondered
if he would notice her. She wanted him to see her skip.

“Well!” he exclaimed. “Upon my word. P’raps tha’ art a young ’un, after
all, an’ p’raps tha’s got child’s blood in thy veins instead of sour
buttermilk. Tha’s skipped red into thy cheeks as sure as my name’s Ben
Weatherstaff. I wouldn’t have believed tha’ could do it.”

“I never skipped before,” Mary said. “I’m just beginning. I can only go
up to twenty.”

“Tha’ keep on,” said Ben. “Tha’ shapes well enough at it for a young
’un that’s lived with heathen. Just see how he’s watchin’ thee,”
jerking his head toward the robin. “He followed after thee yesterday.
He’ll be at it again today. He’ll be bound to find out what th’
skippin’-rope is. He’s never seen one. Eh!” shaking his head at the
bird, “tha’ curiosity will be th’ death of thee sometime if tha’
doesn’t look sharp.”

Mary skipped round all the gardens and round the orchard, resting every
few minutes. At length she went to her own special walk and made up her
mind to try if she could skip the whole length of it. It was a good
long skip and she began slowly, but before she had gone half-way down
the path she was so hot and breathless that she was obliged to stop.
She did not mind much, because she had already counted up to thirty.
She stopped with a little laugh of pleasure, and there, lo and behold,
was the robin swaying on a long branch of ivy. He had followed her and
he greeted her with a chirp. As Mary had skipped toward him she felt
something heavy in her pocket strike against her at each jump, and when
she saw the robin she laughed again.

“You showed me where the key was yesterday,” she said. “You ought to
show me the door today; but I don’t believe you know!”

The robin flew from his swinging spray of ivy on to the top of the wall
and he opened his beak and sang a loud, lovely trill, merely to show
off. Nothing in the world is quite as adorably lovely as a robin when
he shows off—and they are nearly always doing it.

Mary Lennox had heard a great deal about Magic in her Ayah’s stories,
and she always said that what happened almost at that moment was Magic.

One of the nice little gusts of wind rushed down the walk, and it was a
stronger one than the rest. It was strong enough to wave the branches
of the trees, and it was more than strong enough to sway the trailing
sprays of untrimmed ivy hanging from the wall. Mary had stepped close
to the robin, and suddenly the gust of wind swung aside some loose ivy
trails, and more suddenly still she jumped toward it and caught it in
her hand. This she did because she had seen something under it—a round
knob which had been covered by the leaves hanging over it. It was the
knob of a door.

She put her hands under the leaves and began to pull and push them
aside. Thick as the ivy hung, it nearly all was a loose and swinging
curtain, though some had crept over wood and iron. Mary’s heart began
to thump and her hands to shake a little in her delight and excitement.
The robin kept singing and twittering away and tilting his head on one
side, as if he were as excited as she was. What was this under her
hands which was square and made of iron and which her fingers found a
hole in?

It was the lock of the door which had been closed ten years and she put
her hand in her pocket, drew out the key and found it fitted the
keyhole. She put the key in and turned it. It took two hands to do it,
but it did turn.

And then she took a long breath and looked behind her up the long walk
to see if anyone was coming. No one was coming. No one ever did come,
it seemed, and she took another long breath, because she could not help
it, and she held back the swinging curtain of ivy and pushed back the
door which opened slowly—slowly.

Then she slipped through it, and shut it behind her, and stood with her
back against it, looking about her and breathing quite fast with
excitement, and wonder, and delight.

She was standing _inside_ the secret garden.




CHAPTER IX.
THE STRANGEST HOUSE ANYONE EVER LIVED IN


It was the sweetest, most mysterious-looking place anyone could
imagine. The high walls which shut it in were covered with the leafless
stems of climbing roses which were so thick that they were matted
together. Mary Lennox knew they were roses because she had seen a great
many roses in India. All the ground was covered with grass of a wintry
brown and out of it grew clumps of bushes which were surely rosebushes
if they were alive. There were numbers of standard roses which had so
spread their branches that they were like little trees. There were
other trees in the garden, and one of the things which made the place
look strangest and loveliest was that climbing roses had run all over
them and swung down long tendrils which made light swaying curtains,
and here and there they had caught at each other or at a far-reaching
branch and had crept from one tree to another and made lovely bridges
of themselves. There were neither leaves nor roses on them now and Mary
did not know whether they were dead or alive, but their thin gray or
brown branches and sprays looked like a sort of hazy mantle spreading
over everything, walls, and trees, and even brown grass, where they had
fallen from their fastenings and run along the ground. It was this hazy
tangle from tree to tree which made it all look so mysterious. Mary had
thought it must be different from other gardens which had not been left
all by themselves so long; and indeed it was different from any other
place she had ever seen in her life.

“How still it is!” she whispered. “How still!”

Then she waited a moment and listened at the stillness. The robin, who
had flown to his treetop, was still as all the rest. He did not even
flutter his wings; he sat without stirring, and looked at Mary.

“No wonder it is still,” she whispered again. “I am the first person
who has spoken in here for ten years.”

She moved away from the door, stepping as softly as if she were afraid
of awakening someone. She was glad that there was grass under her feet
and that her steps made no sounds. She walked under one of the
fairy-like gray arches between the trees and looked up at the sprays
and tendrils which formed them.

“I wonder if they are all quite dead,” she said. “Is it all a quite
dead garden? I wish it wasn’t.”

If she had been Ben Weatherstaff she could have told whether the wood
was alive by looking at it, but she could only see that there were only
gray or brown sprays and branches and none showed any signs of even a
tiny leaf-bud anywhere.

But she was _inside_ the wonderful garden and she could come through
the door under the ivy any time and she felt as if she had found a
world all her own.

The sun was shining inside the four walls and the high arch of blue sky
over this particular piece of Misselthwaite seemed even more brilliant
and soft than it was over the moor. The robin flew down from his
tree-top and hopped about or flew after her from one bush to another.
He chirped a good deal and had a very busy air, as if he were showing
her things. Everything was strange and silent and she seemed to be
hundreds of miles away from anyone, but somehow she did not feel lonely
at all. All that troubled her was her wish that she knew whether all
the roses were dead, or if perhaps some of them had lived and might put
out leaves and buds as the weather got warmer. She did not want it to
be a quite dead garden. If it were a quite alive garden, how wonderful
it would be, and what thousands of roses would grow on every side!

Her skipping-rope had hung over her arm when she came in and after she
had walked about for a while she thought she would skip round the whole
garden, stopping when she wanted to look at things. There seemed to
have been grass paths here and there, and in one or two corners there
were alcoves of evergreen with stone seats or tall moss-covered flower
urns in them.

As she came near the second of these alcoves she stopped skipping.
There had once been a flowerbed in it, and she thought she saw
something sticking out of the black earth—some sharp little pale green
points. She remembered what Ben Weatherstaff had said and she knelt
down to look at them.

“Yes, they are tiny growing things and they _might_ be crocuses or
snowdrops or daffodils,” she whispered.

She bent very close to them and sniffed the fresh scent of the damp
earth. She liked it very much.

“Perhaps there are some other ones coming up in other places,” she
said. “I will go all over the garden and look.”

She did not skip, but walked. She went slowly and kept her eyes on the
ground. She looked in the old border beds and among the grass, and
after she had gone round, trying to miss nothing, she had found ever so
many more sharp, pale green points, and she had become quite excited
again.

“It isn’t a quite dead garden,” she cried out softly to herself. “Even
if the roses are dead, there are other things alive.”

She did not know anything about gardening, but the grass seemed so
thick in some of the places where the green points were pushing their
way through that she thought they did not seem to have room enough to
grow. She searched about until she found a rather sharp piece of wood
and knelt down and dug and weeded out the weeds and grass until she
made nice little clear places around them.

“Now they look as if they could breathe,” she said, after she had
finished with the first ones. “I am going to do ever so many more. I’ll
do all I can see. If I haven’t time today I can come tomorrow.”

She went from place to place, and dug and weeded, and enjoyed herself
so immensely that she was led on from bed to bed and into the grass
under the trees. The exercise made her so warm that she first threw her
coat off, and then her hat, and without knowing it she was smiling down
on to the grass and the pale green points all the time.

The robin was tremendously busy. He was very much pleased to see
gardening begun on his own estate. He had often wondered at Ben
Weatherstaff. Where gardening is done all sorts of delightful things to
eat are turned up with the soil. Now here was this new kind of creature
who was not half Ben’s size and yet had had the sense to come into his
garden and begin at once.

Mistress Mary worked in her garden until it was time to go to her
midday dinner. In fact, she was rather late in remembering, and when
she put on her coat and hat, and picked up her skipping-rope, she could
not believe that she had been working two or three hours. She had been
actually happy all the time; and dozens and dozens of the tiny, pale
green points were to be seen in cleared places, looking twice as
cheerful as they had looked before when the grass and weeds had been
smothering them.

“I shall come back this afternoon,” she said, looking all round at her
new kingdom, and speaking to the trees and the rose-bushes as if they
heard her.

Then she ran lightly across the grass, pushed open the slow old door
and slipped through it under the ivy. She had such red cheeks and such
bright eyes and ate such a dinner that Martha was delighted.

“Two pieces o’ meat an’ two helps o’ rice puddin’!” she said. “Eh!
mother will be pleased when I tell her what th’ skippin’-rope’s done
for thee.”

In the course of her digging with her pointed stick Mistress Mary had
found herself digging up a sort of white root rather like an onion. She
had put it back in its place and patted the earth carefully down on it
and just now she wondered if Martha could tell her what it was.

“Martha,” she said, “what are those white roots that look like onions?”

“They’re bulbs,” answered Martha. “Lots o’ spring flowers grow from
’em. Th’ very little ones are snowdrops an’ crocuses an’ th’ big ones
are narcissuses an’ jonquils and daffydowndillys. Th’ biggest of all is
lilies an’ purple flags. Eh! they are nice. Dickon’s got a whole lot of
’em planted in our bit o’ garden.”

“Does Dickon know all about them?” asked Mary, a new idea taking
possession of her.

“Our Dickon can make a flower grow out of a brick walk. Mother says he
just whispers things out o’ th’ ground.”

“Do bulbs live a long time? Would they live years and years if no one
helped them?” inquired Mary anxiously.

“They’re things as helps themselves,” said Martha. “That’s why poor
folk can afford to have ’em. If you don’t trouble ’em, most of ’em’ll
work away underground for a lifetime an’ spread out an’ have little
’uns. There’s a place in th’ park woods here where there’s snowdrops by
thousands. They’re the prettiest sight in Yorkshire when th’ spring
comes. No one knows when they was first planted.”

“I wish the spring was here now,” said Mary. “I want to see all the
things that grow in England.”

She had finished her dinner and gone to her favorite seat on the
hearth-rug.

“I wish—I wish I had a little spade,” she said.

“Whatever does tha’ want a spade for?” asked Martha, laughing. “Art
tha’ goin’ to take to diggin’? I must tell mother that, too.”

Mary looked at the fire and pondered a little. She must be careful if
she meant to keep her secret kingdom. She wasn’t doing any harm, but if
Mr. Craven found out about the open door he would be fearfully angry
and get a new key and lock it up forevermore. She really could not bear
that.

“This is such a big lonely place,” she said slowly, as if she were
turning matters over in her mind. “The house is lonely, and the park is
lonely, and the gardens are lonely. So many places seem shut up. I
never did many things in India, but there were more people to look
at—natives and soldiers marching by—and sometimes bands playing, and my
Ayah told me stories. There is no one to talk to here except you and
Ben Weatherstaff. And you have to do your work and Ben Weatherstaff
won’t speak to me often. I thought if I had a little spade I could dig
somewhere as he does, and I might make a little garden if he would give
me some seeds.”

Martha’s face quite lighted up.

“There now!” she exclaimed, “if that wasn’t one of th’ things mother
said. She says, ‘There’s such a lot o’ room in that big place, why
don’t they give her a bit for herself, even if she doesn’t plant
nothin’ but parsley an’ radishes? She’d dig an’ rake away an’ be right
down happy over it.’ Them was the very words she said.”

“Were they?” said Mary. “How many things she knows, doesn’t she?”

“Eh!” said Martha. “It’s like she says: ‘A woman as brings up twelve
children learns something besides her A B C. Children’s as good as
’rithmetic to set you findin’ out things.’”

“How much would a spade cost—a little one?” Mary asked.

“Well,” was Martha’s reflective answer, “at Thwaite village there’s a
shop or so an’ I saw little garden sets with a spade an’ a rake an’ a
fork all tied together for two shillings. An’ they was stout enough to
work with, too.”

“I’ve got more than that in my purse,” said Mary. “Mrs. Morrison gave
me five shillings and Mrs. Medlock gave me some money from Mr. Craven.”

“Did he remember thee that much?” exclaimed Martha.

“Mrs. Medlock said I was to have a shilling a week to spend. She gives
me one every Saturday. I didn’t know what to spend it on.”

“My word! that’s riches,” said Martha. “Tha’ can buy anything in th’
world tha’ wants. Th’ rent of our cottage is only one an’ threepence
an’ it’s like pullin’ eye-teeth to get it. Now I’ve just thought of
somethin’,” putting her hands on her hips.

“What?” said Mary eagerly.

“In the shop at Thwaite they sell packages o’ flower-seeds for a penny
each, and our Dickon he knows which is th’ prettiest ones an’ how to
make ’em grow. He walks over to Thwaite many a day just for th’ fun of
it. Does tha’ know how to print letters?” suddenly.

“I know how to write,” Mary answered.

Martha shook her head.

“Our Dickon can only read printin’. If tha’ could print we could write
a letter to him an’ ask him to go an’ buy th’ garden tools an’ th’
seeds at th’ same time.”

“Oh! you’re a good girl!” Mary cried. “You are, really! I didn’t know
you were so nice. I know I can print letters if I try. Let’s ask Mrs.
Medlock for a pen and ink and some paper.”

“I’ve got some of my own,” said Martha. “I bought ’em so I could print
a bit of a letter to mother of a Sunday. I’ll go and get it.”

She ran out of the room, and Mary stood by the fire and twisted her
thin little hands together with sheer pleasure.

“If I have a spade,” she whispered, “I can make the earth nice and soft
and dig up weeds. If I have seeds and can make flowers grow the garden
won’t be dead at all—it will come alive.”

She did not go out again that afternoon because when Martha returned
with her pen and ink and paper she was obliged to clear the table and
carry the plates and dishes downstairs and when she got into the
kitchen Mrs. Medlock was there and told her to do something, so Mary
waited for what seemed to her a long time before she came back. Then it
was a serious piece of work to write to Dickon. Mary had been taught
very little because her governesses had disliked her too much to stay
with her. She could not spell particularly well but she found that she
could print letters when she tried. This was the letter Martha dictated
to her:


“_My Dear Dickon:_

This comes hoping to find you well as it leaves me at present. Miss
Mary has plenty of money and will you go to Thwaite and buy her some
flower seeds and a set of garden tools to make a flower-bed. Pick the
prettiest ones and easy to grow because she has never done it before
and lived in India which is different. Give my love to mother and
everyone of you. Miss Mary is going to tell me a lot more so that on my
next day out you can hear about elephants and camels and gentlemen
going hunting lions and tigers.

    “Your loving sister,

                “Martha Phœbe Sowerby.”

“We’ll put the money in th’ envelope an’ I’ll get th’ butcher boy to
take it in his cart. He’s a great friend o’ Dickon’s,” said Martha.

“How shall I get the things when Dickon buys them?”

“He’ll bring ’em to you himself. He’ll like to walk over this way.”

“Oh!” exclaimed Mary, “then I shall see him! I never thought I should
see Dickon.”

“Does tha’ want to see him?” asked Martha suddenly, for Mary had looked
so pleased.

“Yes, I do. I never saw a boy foxes and crows loved. I want to see him
very much.”

Martha gave a little start, as if she remembered something.

“Now to think,” she broke out, “to think o’ me forgettin’ that there;
an’ I thought I was goin’ to tell you first thing this mornin’. I asked
mother—and she said she’d ask Mrs. Medlock her own self.”

“Do you mean—” Mary began.

“What I said Tuesday. Ask her if you might be driven over to our
cottage some day and have a bit o’ mother’s hot oat cake, an’ butter,
an’ a glass o’ milk.”

It seemed as if all the interesting things were happening in one day.
To think of going over the moor in the daylight and when the sky was
blue! To think of going into the cottage which held twelve children!

“Does she think Mrs. Medlock would let me go?” she asked, quite
anxiously.

“Aye, she thinks she would. She knows what a tidy woman mother is and
how clean she keeps the cottage.”

“If I went I should see your mother as well as Dickon,” said Mary,
thinking it over and liking the idea very much. “She doesn’t seem to be
like the mothers in India.”

Her work in the garden and the excitement of the afternoon ended by
making her feel quiet and thoughtful. Martha stayed with her until
tea-time, but they sat in comfortable quiet and talked very little. But
just before Martha went downstairs for the tea-tray, Mary asked a
question.

“Martha,” she said, “has the scullery-maid had the toothache again
today?”

Martha certainly started slightly.

“What makes thee ask that?” she said.

“Because when I waited so long for you to come back I opened the door
and walked down the corridor to see if you were coming. And I heard
that far-off crying again, just as we heard it the other night. There
isn’t a wind today, so you see it couldn’t have been the wind.”

“Eh!” said Martha restlessly. “Tha’ mustn’t go walkin’ about in
corridors an’ listenin’. Mr. Craven would be that there angry there’s
no knowin’ what he’d do.”

“I wasn’t listening,” said Mary. “I was just waiting for you—and I
heard it. That’s three times.”

“My word! There’s Mrs. Medlock’s bell,” said Martha, and she almost ran
out of the room.

“It’s the strangest house anyone ever lived in,” said Mary drowsily, as
she dropped her head on the cushioned seat of the armchair near her.
Fresh air, and digging, and skipping-rope had made her feel so
comfortably tired that she fell asleep.




CHAPTER X.
DICKON


The sun shone down for nearly a week on the secret garden. The Secret
Garden was what Mary called it when she was thinking of it. She liked
the name, and she liked still more the feeling that when its beautiful
old walls shut her in no one knew where she was. It seemed almost like
being shut out of the world in some fairy place. The few books she had
read and liked had been fairy-story books, and she had read of secret
gardens in some of the stories. Sometimes people went to sleep in them
for a hundred years, which she had thought must be rather stupid. She
had no intention of going to sleep, and, in fact, she was becoming
wider awake every day which passed at Misselthwaite. She was beginning
to like to be out of doors; she no longer hated the wind, but enjoyed
it. She could run faster, and longer, and she could skip up to a
hundred. The bulbs in the secret garden must have been much astonished.
Such nice clear places were made round them that they had all the
breathing space they wanted, and really, if Mistress Mary had known it,
they began to cheer up under the dark earth and work tremendously. The
sun could get at them and warm them, and when the rain came down it
could reach them at once, so they began to feel very much alive.

Mary was an odd, determined little person, and now she had something
interesting to be determined about, she was very much absorbed, indeed.
She worked and dug and pulled up weeds steadily, only becoming more
pleased with her work every hour instead of tiring of it. It seemed to
her like a fascinating sort of play. She found many more of the
sprouting pale green points than she had ever hoped to find. They
seemed to be starting up everywhere and each day she was sure she found
tiny new ones, some so tiny that they barely peeped above the earth.
There were so many that she remembered what Martha had said about the
“snowdrops by the thousands,” and about bulbs spreading and making new
ones. These had been left to themselves for ten years and perhaps they
had spread, like the snowdrops, into thousands. She wondered how long
it would be before they showed that they were flowers. Sometimes she
stopped digging to look at the garden and try to imagine what it would
be like when it was covered with thousands of lovely things in bloom.

During that week of sunshine, she became more intimate with Ben
Weatherstaff. She surprised him several times by seeming to start up
beside him as if she sprang out of the earth. The truth was that she
was afraid that he would pick up his tools and go away if he saw her
coming, so she always walked toward him as silently as possible. But,
in fact, he did not object to her as strongly as he had at first.
Perhaps he was secretly rather flattered by her evident desire for his
elderly company. Then, also, she was more civil than she had been. He
did not know that when she first saw him she spoke to him as she would
have spoken to a native, and had not known that a cross, sturdy old
Yorkshire man was not accustomed to salaam to his masters, and be
merely commanded by them to do things.

“Tha’rt like th’ robin,” he said to her one morning when he lifted his
head and saw her standing by him. “I never knows when I shall see thee
or which side tha’ll come from.”

“He’s friends with me now,” said Mary.

“That’s like him,” snapped Ben Weatherstaff. “Makin’ up to th’ women
folk just for vanity an’ flightiness. There’s nothin’ he wouldn’t do
for th’ sake o’ showin’ off an’ flirtin’ his tail-feathers. He’s as
full o’ pride as an egg’s full o’ meat.”

He very seldom talked much and sometimes did not even answer Mary’s
questions except by a grunt, but this morning he said more than usual.
He stood up and rested one hobnailed boot on the top of his spade while
he looked her over.

“How long has tha’ been here?” he jerked out.

“I think it’s about a month,” she answered.

“Tha’s beginnin’ to do Misselthwaite credit,” he said. “Tha’s a bit
fatter than tha’ was an’ tha’s not quite so yeller. Tha’ looked like a
young plucked crow when tha’ first came into this garden. Thinks I to
myself I never set eyes on an uglier, sourer faced young ’un.”

Mary was not vain and as she had never thought much of her looks she
was not greatly disturbed.

“I know I’m fatter,” she said. “My stockings are getting tighter. They
used to make wrinkles. There’s the robin, Ben Weatherstaff.”

There, indeed, was the robin, and she thought he looked nicer than
ever. His red waistcoat was as glossy as satin and he flirted his wings
and tail and tilted his head and hopped about with all sorts of lively
graces. He seemed determined to make Ben Weatherstaff admire him. But
Ben was sarcastic.

“Aye, there tha’ art!” he said. “Tha’ can put up with me for a bit
sometimes when tha’s got no one better. Tha’s been reddenin’ up thy
waistcoat an’ polishin’ thy feathers this two weeks. I know what tha’s
up to. Tha’s courtin’ some bold young madam somewhere tellin’ thy lies
to her about bein’ th’ finest cock robin on Missel Moor an’ ready to
fight all th’ rest of ’em.”

“Oh! look at him!” exclaimed Mary.

The robin was evidently in a fascinating, bold mood. He hopped closer
and closer and looked at Ben Weatherstaff more and more engagingly. He
flew on to the nearest currant bush and tilted his head and sang a
little song right at him.

“Tha’ thinks tha’ll get over me by doin’ that,” said Ben, wrinkling his
face up in such a way that Mary felt sure he was trying not to look
pleased. “Tha’ thinks no one can stand out against thee—that’s what
tha’ thinks.”

The robin spread his wings—Mary could scarcely believe her eyes. He
flew right up to the handle of Ben Weatherstaff’s spade and alighted on
the top of it. Then the old man’s face wrinkled itself slowly into a
new expression. He stood still as if he were afraid to breathe—as if he
would not have stirred for the world, lest his robin should start away.
He spoke quite in a whisper.

“Well, I’m danged!” he said as softly as if he were saying something
quite different. “Tha’ does know how to get at a chap—tha’ does! Tha’s
fair unearthly, tha’s so knowin’.”

And he stood without stirring—almost without drawing his breath—until
the robin gave another flirt to his wings and flew away. Then he stood
looking at the handle of the spade as if there might be Magic in it,
and then he began to dig again and said nothing for several minutes.

But because he kept breaking into a slow grin now and then, Mary was
not afraid to talk to him.

“Have you a garden of your own?” she asked.

“No. I’m bachelder an’ lodge with Martin at th’ gate.”

“If you had one,” said Mary, “what would you plant?”

“Cabbages an’ ’taters an’ onions.”

“But if you wanted to make a flower garden,” persisted Mary, “what
would you plant?”

“Bulbs an’ sweet-smellin’ things—but mostly roses.”

Mary’s face lighted up.

“Do you like roses?” she said.

Ben Weatherstaff rooted up a weed and threw it aside before he
answered.

“Well, yes, I do. I was learned that by a young lady I was gardener to.
She had a lot in a place she was fond of, an’ she loved ’em like they
was children—or robins. I’ve seen her bend over an’ kiss ’em.” He
dragged out another weed and scowled at it. “That were as much as ten
year’ ago.”

“Where is she now?” asked Mary, much interested.

“Heaven,” he answered, and drove his spade deep into the soil,
“’cording to what parson says.”

“What happened to the roses?” Mary asked again, more interested than
ever.

“They was left to themselves.”

Mary was becoming quite excited.

“Did they quite die? Do roses quite die when they are left to
themselves?” she ventured.

“Well, I’d got to like ’em—an’ I liked her—an’ she liked ’em,” Ben
Weatherstaff admitted reluctantly. “Once or twice a year I’d go an’
work at ’em a bit—prune ’em an’ dig about th’ roots. They run wild, but
they was in rich soil, so some of ’em lived.”

“When they have no leaves and look gray and brown and dry, how can you
tell whether they are dead or alive?” inquired Mary.

“Wait till th’ spring gets at ’em—wait till th’ sun shines on th’ rain
and th’ rain falls on th’ sunshine an’ then tha’ll find out.”

“How—how?” cried Mary, forgetting to be careful.

“Look along th’ twigs an’ branches an’ if tha’ see a bit of a brown
lump swelling here an’ there, watch it after th’ warm rain an’ see what
happens.” He stopped suddenly and looked curiously at her eager face.
“Why does tha’ care so much about roses an’ such, all of a sudden?” he
demanded.

Mistress Mary felt her face grow red. She was almost afraid to answer.

“I—I want to play that—that I have a garden of my own,” she stammered.
“I—there is nothing for me to do. I have nothing—and no one.”

“Well,” said Ben Weatherstaff slowly, as he watched her, “that’s true.
Tha’ hasn’t.”

He said it in such an odd way that Mary wondered if he was actually a
little sorry for her. She had never felt sorry for herself; she had
only felt tired and cross, because she disliked people and things so
much. But now the world seemed to be changing and getting nicer. If no
one found out about the secret garden, she should enjoy herself always.

She stayed with him for ten or fifteen minutes longer and asked him as
many questions as she dared. He answered everyone of them in his queer
grunting way and he did not seem really cross and did not pick up his
spade and leave her. He said something about roses just as she was
going away and it reminded her of the ones he had said he had been fond
of.

“Do you go and see those other roses now?” she asked.

“Not been this year. My rheumatics has made me too stiff in th’
joints.”

He said it in his grumbling voice, and then quite suddenly he seemed to
get angry with her, though she did not see why he should.

“Now look here!” he said sharply. “Don’t tha’ ask so many questions.
Tha’rt th’ worst wench for askin’ questions I’ve ever come across. Get
thee gone an’ play thee. I’ve done talkin’ for today.”

And he said it so crossly that she knew there was not the least use in
staying another minute. She went skipping slowly down the outside walk,
thinking him over and saying to herself that, queer as it was, here was
another person whom she liked in spite of his crossness. She liked old
Ben Weatherstaff. Yes, she did like him. She always wanted to try to
make him talk to her. Also she began to believe that he knew everything
in the world about flowers.

There was a laurel-hedged walk which curved round the secret garden and
ended at a gate which opened into a wood, in the park. She thought she
would slip round this walk and look into the wood and see if there were
any rabbits hopping about. She enjoyed the skipping very much and when
she reached the little gate she opened it and went through because she
heard a low, peculiar whistling sound and wanted to find out what it
was.

It was a very strange thing indeed. She quite caught her breath as she
stopped to look at it. A boy was sitting under a tree, with his back
against it, playing on a rough wooden pipe. He was a funny looking boy
about twelve. He looked very clean and his nose turned up and his
cheeks were as red as poppies and never had Mistress Mary seen such
round and such blue eyes in any boy’s face. And on the trunk of the
tree he leaned against, a brown squirrel was clinging and watching him,
and from behind a bush nearby a cock pheasant was delicately stretching
his neck to peep out, and quite near him were two rabbits sitting up
and sniffing with tremulous noses—and actually it appeared as if they
were all drawing near to watch him and listen to the strange low little
call his pipe seemed to make.

When he saw Mary he held up his hand and spoke to her in a voice almost
as low as and rather like his piping.

“Don’t tha’ move,” he said. “It’d flight ’em.”

Mary remained motionless. He stopped playing his pipe and began to rise
from the ground. He moved so slowly that it scarcely seemed as though
he were moving at all, but at last he stood on his feet and then the
squirrel scampered back up into the branches of his tree, the pheasant
withdrew his head and the rabbits dropped on all fours and began to hop
away, though not at all as if they were frightened.

“I’m Dickon,” the boy said. “I know tha’rt Miss Mary.”

Then Mary realized that somehow she had known at first that he was
Dickon. Who else could have been charming rabbits and pheasants as the
natives charm snakes in India? He had a wide, red, curving mouth and
his smile spread all over his face.

“I got up slow,” he explained, “because if tha’ makes a quick move it
startles ’em. A body ’as to move gentle an’ speak low when wild things
is about.”

He did not speak to her as if they had never seen each other before but
as if he knew her quite well. Mary knew nothing about boys and she
spoke to him a little stiffly because she felt rather shy.

“Did you get Martha’s letter?” she asked.

He nodded his curly, rust-colored head.

“That’s why I come.”

He stooped to pick up something which had been lying on the ground
beside him when he piped.

“I’ve got th’ garden tools. There’s a little spade an’ rake an’ a fork
an’ hoe. Eh! they are good ’uns. There’s a trowel, too. An’ th’ woman
in th’ shop threw in a packet o’ white poppy an’ one o’ blue larkspur
when I bought th’ other seeds.”

“Will you show the seeds to me?” Mary said.

She wished she could talk as he did. His speech was so quick and easy.
It sounded as if he liked her and was not the least afraid she would
not like him, though he was only a common moor boy, in patched clothes
and with a funny face and a rough, rusty-red head. As she came closer
to him she noticed that there was a clean fresh scent of heather and
grass and leaves about him, almost as if he were made of them. She
liked it very much and when she looked into his funny face with the red
cheeks and round blue eyes she forgot that she had felt shy.

“Let us sit down on this log and look at them,” she said.

They sat down and he took a clumsy little brown paper package out of
his coat pocket. He untied the string and inside there were ever so
many neater and smaller packages with a picture of a flower on each
one.

“There’s a lot o’ mignonette an’ poppies,” he said. “Mignonette’s th’
sweetest smellin’ thing as grows, an’ it’ll grow wherever you cast it,
same as poppies will. Them as’ll come up an’ bloom if you just whistle
to ’em, them’s th’ nicest of all.”

He stopped and turned his head quickly, his poppy-cheeked face lighting
up.

“Where’s that robin as is callin’ us?” he said.

The chirp came from a thick holly bush, bright with scarlet berries,
and Mary thought she knew whose it was.

“Is it really calling us?” she asked.

“Aye,” said Dickon, as if it was the most natural thing in the world,
“he’s callin’ someone he’s friends with. That’s same as sayin’ ‘Here I
am. Look at me. I wants a bit of a chat.’ There he is in the bush.
Whose is he?”

“He’s Ben Weatherstaff’s, but I think he knows me a little,” answered
Mary.

“Aye, he knows thee,” said Dickon in his low voice again. “An’ he likes
thee. He’s took thee on. He’ll tell me all about thee in a minute.”

He moved quite close to the bush with the slow movement Mary had
noticed before, and then he made a sound almost like the robin’s own
twitter. The robin listened a few seconds, intently, and then answered
quite as if he were replying to a question.

“Aye, he’s a friend o’ yours,” chuckled Dickon.

“Do you think he is?” cried Mary eagerly. She did so want to know. “Do
you think he really likes me?”

“He wouldn’t come near thee if he didn’t,” answered Dickon. “Birds is
rare choosers an’ a robin can flout a body worse than a man. See, he’s
making up to thee now. ‘Cannot tha’ see a chap?’ he’s sayin’.”

And it really seemed as if it must be true. He so sidled and twittered
and tilted as he hopped on his bush.

“Do you understand everything birds say?” said Mary.

Dickon’s grin spread until he seemed all wide, red, curving mouth, and
he rubbed his rough head.

“I think I do, and they think I do,” he said. “I’ve lived on th’ moor
with ’em so long. I’ve watched ’em break shell an’ come out an’ fledge
an’ learn to fly an’ begin to sing, till I think I’m one of ’em.
Sometimes I think p’raps I’m a bird, or a fox, or a rabbit, or a
squirrel, or even a beetle, an’ I don’t know it.”

He laughed and came back to the log and began to talk about the flower
seeds again. He told her what they looked like when they were flowers;
he told her how to plant them, and watch them, and feed and water them.

“See here,” he said suddenly, turning round to look at her. “I’ll plant
them for thee myself. Where is tha’ garden?”

Mary’s thin hands clutched each other as they lay on her lap. She did
not know what to say, so for a whole minute she said nothing. She had
never thought of this. She felt miserable. And she felt as if she went
red and then pale.

“Tha’s got a bit o’ garden, hasn’t tha’?” Dickon said.

It was true that she had turned red and then pale. Dickon saw her do
it, and as she still said nothing, he began to be puzzled.

“Wouldn’t they give thee a bit?” he asked. “Hasn’t tha’ got any yet?”

She held her hands tighter and turned her eyes toward him.

“I don’t know anything about boys,” she said slowly. “Could you keep a
secret, if I told you one? It’s a great secret. I don’t know what I
should do if anyone found it out. I believe I should die!” She said the
last sentence quite fiercely.

Dickon looked more puzzled than ever and even rubbed his hand over his
rough head again, but he answered quite good-humoredly.

“I’m keepin’ secrets all th’ time,” he said. “If I couldn’t keep
secrets from th’ other lads, secrets about foxes’ cubs, an’ birds’
nests, an’ wild things’ holes, there’d be naught safe on th’ moor. Aye,
I can keep secrets.”

Mistress Mary did not mean to put out her hand and clutch his sleeve
but she did it.

“I’ve stolen a garden,” she said very fast. “It isn’t mine. It isn’t
anybody’s. Nobody wants it, nobody cares for it, nobody ever goes into
it. Perhaps everything is dead in it already. I don’t know.”

She began to feel hot and as contrary as she had ever felt in her life.

“I don’t care, I don’t care! Nobody has any right to take it from me
when I care about it and they don’t. They’re letting it die, all shut
in by itself,” she ended passionately, and she threw her arms over her
face and burst out crying—poor little Mistress Mary.

Dickon’s curious blue eyes grew rounder and rounder.

“Eh-h-h!” he said, drawing his exclamation out slowly, and the way he
did it meant both wonder and sympathy.

“I’ve nothing to do,” said Mary. “Nothing belongs to me. I found it
myself and I got into it myself. I was only just like the robin, and
they wouldn’t take it from the robin.”

“Where is it?” asked Dickon in a dropped voice.

Mistress Mary got up from the log at once. She knew she felt contrary
again, and obstinate, and she did not care at all. She was imperious
and Indian, and at the same time hot and sorrowful.

“Come with me and I’ll show you,” she said.

She led him round the laurel path and to the walk where the ivy grew so
thickly. Dickon followed her with a queer, almost pitying, look on his
face. He felt as if he were being led to look at some strange bird’s
nest and must move softly. When she stepped to the wall and lifted the
hanging ivy he started. There was a door and Mary pushed it slowly open
and they passed in together, and then Mary stood and waved her hand
round defiantly.

“It’s this,” she said. “It’s a secret garden, and I’m the only one in
the world who wants it to be alive.”

Dickon looked round and round about it, and round and round again.

“Eh!” he almost whispered, “it is a queer, pretty place! It’s like as
if a body was in a dream.”




CHAPTER XI.
THE NEST OF THE MISSEL THRUSH


For two or three minutes he stood looking round him, while Mary watched
him, and then he began to walk about softly, even more lightly than
Mary had walked the first time she had found herself inside the four
walls. His eyes seemed to be taking in everything—the gray trees with
the gray creepers climbing over them and hanging from their branches,
the tangle on the walls and among the grass, the evergreen alcoves with
the stone seats and tall flower urns standing in them.

“I never thought I’d see this place,” he said at last, in a whisper.

“Did you know about it?” asked Mary.

She had spoken aloud and he made a sign to her.

“We must talk low,” he said, “or someone’ll hear us an’ wonder what’s
to do in here.”

“Oh! I forgot!” said Mary, feeling frightened and putting her hand
quickly against her mouth. “Did you know about the garden?” she asked
again when she had recovered herself.

Dickon nodded.

“Martha told me there was one as no one ever went inside,” he answered.
“Us used to wonder what it was like.”

He stopped and looked round at the lovely gray tangle about him, and
his round eyes looked queerly happy.

“Eh! the nests as’ll be here come springtime,” he said. “It’d be th’
safest nestin’ place in England. No one never comin’ near an’ tangles
o’ trees an’ roses to build in. I wonder all th’ birds on th’ moor
don’t build here.”

Mistress Mary put her hand on his arm again without knowing it.

“Will there be roses?” she whispered. “Can you tell? I thought perhaps
they were all dead.”

“Eh! No! Not them—not all of ’em!” he answered. “Look here!”

He stepped over to the nearest tree—an old, old one with gray lichen
all over its bark, but upholding a curtain of tangled sprays and
branches. He took a thick knife out of his pocket and opened one of its
blades.

“There’s lots o’ dead wood as ought to be cut out,” he said. “An’
there’s a lot o’ old wood, but it made some new last year. This here’s
a new bit,” and he touched a shoot which looked brownish green instead
of hard, dry gray.

Mary touched it herself in an eager, reverent way.

“That one?” she said. “Is that one quite alive quite?”

Dickon curved his wide smiling mouth.

“It’s as wick as you or me,” he said; and Mary remembered that Martha
had told her that “wick” meant “alive” or “lively.”

“I’m glad it’s wick!” she cried out in her whisper. “I want them all to
be wick. Let us go round the garden and count how many wick ones there
are.”

She quite panted with eagerness, and Dickon was as eager as she was.
They went from tree to tree and from bush to bush. Dickon carried his
knife in his hand and showed her things which she thought wonderful.

“They’ve run wild,” he said, “but th’ strongest ones has fair thrived
on it. The delicatest ones has died out, but th’ others has growed an’
growed, an’ spread an’ spread, till they’s a wonder. See here!” and he
pulled down a thick gray, dry-looking branch. “A body might think this
was dead wood, but I don’t believe it is—down to th’ root. I’ll cut it
low down an’ see.”

He knelt and with his knife cut the lifeless-looking branch through,
not far above the earth.

“There!” he said exultantly. “I told thee so. There’s green in that
wood yet. Look at it.”

Mary was down on her knees before he spoke, gazing with all her might.

“When it looks a bit greenish an’ juicy like that, it’s wick,” he
explained. “When th’ inside is dry an’ breaks easy, like this here
piece I’ve cut off, it’s done for. There’s a big root here as all this
live wood sprung out of, an’ if th’ old wood’s cut off an’ it’s dug
round, and took care of there’ll be—” he stopped and lifted his face to
look up at the climbing and hanging sprays above him—“there’ll be a
fountain o’ roses here this summer.”

They went from bush to bush and from tree to tree. He was very strong
and clever with his knife and knew how to cut the dry and dead wood
away, and could tell when an unpromising bough or twig had still green
life in it. In the course of half an hour Mary thought she could tell
too, and when he cut through a lifeless-looking branch she would cry
out joyfully under her breath when she caught sight of the least shade
of moist green. The spade, and hoe, and fork were very useful. He
showed her how to use the fork while he dug about roots with the spade
and stirred the earth and let the air in.

They were working industriously round one of the biggest standard roses
when he caught sight of something which made him utter an exclamation
of surprise.

“Why!” he cried, pointing to the grass a few feet away. “Who did that
there?”

It was one of Mary’s own little clearings round the pale green points.

“I did it,” said Mary.

“Why, I thought tha’ didn’t know nothin’ about gardenin’,” he
exclaimed.

“I don’t,” she answered, “but they were so little, and the grass was so
thick and strong, and they looked as if they had no room to breathe. So
I made a place for them. I don’t even know what they are.”

Dickon went and knelt down by them, smiling his wide smile.

“Tha’ was right,” he said. “A gardener couldn’t have told thee better.
They’ll grow now like Jack’s bean-stalk. They’re crocuses an’
snowdrops, an’ these here is narcissuses,” turning to another patch,
“an here’s daffydowndillys. Eh! they will be a sight.”

He ran from one clearing to another.

“Tha’ has done a lot o’ work for such a little wench,” he said, looking
her over.

“I’m growing fatter,” said Mary, “and I’m growing stronger. I used
always to be tired. When I dig I’m not tired at all. I like to smell
the earth when it’s turned up.”

“It’s rare good for thee,” he said, nodding his head wisely. “There’s
naught as nice as th’ smell o’ good clean earth, except th’ smell o’
fresh growin’ things when th’ rain falls on ’em. I get out on th’ moor
many a day when it’s rainin’ an’ I lie under a bush an’ listen to th’
soft swish o’ drops on th’ heather an’ I just sniff an’ sniff. My nose
end fair quivers like a rabbit’s, mother says.”

“Do you never catch cold?” inquired Mary, gazing at him wonderingly.
She had never seen such a funny boy, or such a nice one.

“Not me,” he said, grinning. “I never ketched cold since I was born. I
wasn’t brought up nesh enough. I’ve chased about th’ moor in all
weathers same as th’ rabbits does. Mother says I’ve sniffed up too much
fresh air for twelve year’ to ever get to sniffin’ with cold. I’m as
tough as a white-thorn knobstick.”

He was working all the time he was talking and Mary was following him
and helping him with her fork or the trowel.

“There’s a lot of work to do here!” he said once, looking about quite
exultantly.

“Will you come again and help me to do it?” Mary begged. “I’m sure I
can help, too. I can dig and pull up weeds, and do whatever you tell
me. Oh! do come, Dickon!”

“I’ll come every day if tha’ wants me, rain or shine,” he answered
stoutly. “It’s the best fun I ever had in my life—shut in here an’
wakenin’ up a garden.”

“If you will come,” said Mary, “if you will help me to make it alive
I’ll—I don’t know what I’ll do,” she ended helplessly. What could you
do for a boy like that?

“I’ll tell thee what tha’ll do,” said Dickon, with his happy grin.
“Tha’ll get fat an’ tha’ll get as hungry as a young fox an’ tha’ll
learn how to talk to th’ robin same as I do. Eh! we’ll have a lot o’
fun.”

He began to walk about, looking up in the trees and at the walls and
bushes with a thoughtful expression.

“I wouldn’t want to make it look like a gardener’s garden, all clipped
an’ spick an’ span, would you?” he said. “It’s nicer like this with
things runnin’ wild, an’ swingin’ an’ catchin’ hold of each other.”

“Don’t let us make it tidy,” said Mary anxiously. “It wouldn’t seem
like a secret garden if it was tidy.”

Dickon stood rubbing his rusty-red head with a rather puzzled look.

“It’s a secret garden sure enough,” he said, “but seems like someone
besides th’ robin must have been in it since it was shut up ten year’
ago.”

“But the door was locked and the key was buried,” said Mary. “No one
could get in.”

“That’s true,” he answered. “It’s a queer place. Seems to me as if
there’d been a bit o’ prunin’ done here an’ there, later than ten year’
ago.”

“But how could it have been done?” said Mary.

He was examining a branch of a standard rose and he shook his head.

“Aye! how could it!” he murmured. “With th’ door locked an’ th’ key
buried.”

Mistress Mary always felt that however many years she lived she should
never forget that first morning when her garden began to grow. Of
course, it did seem to begin to grow for her that morning. When Dickon
began to clear places to plant seeds, she remembered what Basil had
sung at her when he wanted to tease her.

“Are there any flowers that look like bells?” she inquired.

“Lilies o’ th’ valley does,” he answered, digging away with the trowel,
“an’ there’s Canterbury bells, an’ campanulas.”

“Let’s plant some,” said Mary.

“There’s lilies o’ th, valley here already; I saw ’em. They’ll have
growed too close an’ we’ll have to separate ’em, but there’s plenty.
Th’ other ones takes two years to bloom from seed, but I can bring you
some bits o’ plants from our cottage garden. Why does tha’ want ’em?”

Then Mary told him about Basil and his brothers and sisters in India
and of how she had hated them and of their calling her “Mistress Mary
Quite Contrary.”

“They used to dance round and sing at me. They sang—

‘Mistress Mary, quite contrary,
    How does your garden grow?
With silver bells, and cockle shells,
    And marigolds all in a row.’

I just remembered it and it made me wonder if there were really flowers
like silver bells.”

She frowned a little and gave her trowel a rather spiteful dig into the
earth.

“I wasn’t as contrary as they were.”

But Dickon laughed.

“Eh!” he said, and as he crumbled the rich black soil she saw he was
sniffing up the scent of it. “There doesn’t seem to be no need for no
one to be contrary when there’s flowers an’ such like, an’ such lots o’
friendly wild things runnin’ about makin’ homes for themselves, or
buildin’ nests an’ singin’ an’ whistlin’, does there?”

Mary, kneeling by him holding the seeds, looked at him and stopped
frowning.

“Dickon,” she said, “you are as nice as Martha said you were. I like
you, and you make the fifth person. I never thought I should like five
people.”

Dickon sat up on his heels as Martha did when she was polishing the
grate. He did look funny and delightful, Mary thought, with his round
blue eyes and red cheeks and happy looking turned-up nose.

“Only five folk as tha’ likes?” he said. “Who is th’ other four?”

“Your mother and Martha,” Mary checked them off on her fingers, “and
the robin and Ben Weatherstaff.”

Dickon laughed so that he was obliged to stifle the sound by putting
his arm over his mouth.

“I know tha’ thinks I’m a queer lad,” he said, “but I think tha’ art
th’ queerest little lass I ever saw.”

Then Mary did a strange thing. She leaned forward and asked him a
question she had never dreamed of asking anyone before. And she tried
to ask it in Yorkshire because that was his language, and in India a
native was always pleased if you knew his speech.

“Does tha’ like me?” she said.

“Eh!” he answered heartily, “that I does. I likes thee wonderful, an’
so does th’ robin, I do believe!”

“That’s two, then,” said Mary. “That’s two for me.”

And then they began to work harder than ever and more joyfully. Mary
was startled and sorry when she heard the big clock in the courtyard
strike the hour of her midday dinner.

“I shall have to go,” she said mournfully. “And you will have to go
too, won’t you?”

Dickon grinned.

“My dinner’s easy to carry about with me,” he said. “Mother always lets
me put a bit o’ somethin’ in my pocket.”

He picked up his coat from the grass and brought out of a pocket a
lumpy little bundle tied up in a quite clean, coarse, blue and white
handkerchief. It held two thick pieces of bread with a slice of
something laid between them.

“It’s oftenest naught but bread,” he said, “but I’ve got a fine slice
o’ fat bacon with it today.”

Mary thought it looked a queer dinner, but he seemed ready to enjoy it.

“Run on an’ get thy victuals,” he said. “I’ll be done with mine first.
I’ll get some more work done before I start back home.”

He sat down with his back against a tree.

“I’ll call th’ robin up,” he said, “and give him th’ rind o’ th’ bacon
to peck at. They likes a bit o’ fat wonderful.”

Mary could scarcely bear to leave him. Suddenly it seemed as if he
might be a sort of wood fairy who might be gone when she came into the
garden again. He seemed too good to be true. She went slowly half-way
to the door in the wall and then she stopped and went back.

“Whatever happens, you—you never would tell?” she said.

His poppy-colored cheeks were distended with his first big bite of
bread and bacon, but he managed to smile encouragingly.

“If tha’ was a missel thrush an’ showed me where thy nest was, does
tha’ think I’d tell anyone? Not me,” he said. “Tha’ art as safe as a
missel thrush.”

And she was quite sure she was.




CHAPTER XII.
“MIGHT I HAVE A BIT OF EARTH?”


Mary ran so fast that she was rather out of breath when she reached her
room. Her hair was ruffled on her forehead and her cheeks were bright
pink. Her dinner was waiting on the table, and Martha was waiting near
it.

“Tha’s a bit late,” she said. “Where has tha’ been?”

“I’ve seen Dickon!” said Mary. “I’ve seen Dickon!”

“I knew he’d come,” said Martha exultantly. “How does tha’ like him?”

“I think—I think he’s beautiful!” said Mary in a determined voice.

Martha looked rather taken aback but she looked pleased, too.

“Well,” she said, “he’s th’ best lad as ever was born, but us never
thought he was handsome. His nose turns up too much.”

“I like it to turn up,” said Mary.

“An’ his eyes is so round,” said Martha, a trifle doubtful. “Though
they’re a nice color.”

“I like them round,” said Mary. “And they are exactly the color of the
sky over the moor.”

Martha beamed with satisfaction.

“Mother says he made ’em that color with always lookin’ up at th’ birds
an’ th’ clouds. But he has got a big mouth, hasn’t he, now?”

“I love his big mouth,” said Mary obstinately. “I wish mine were just
like it.”

Martha chuckled delightedly.

“It’d look rare an’ funny in thy bit of a face,” she said. “But I
knowed it would be that way when tha’ saw him. How did tha’ like th’
seeds an’ th’ garden tools?”

“How did you know he brought them?” asked Mary.

“Eh! I never thought of him not bringin’ ’em. He’d be sure to bring ’em
if they was in Yorkshire. He’s such a trusty lad.”

Mary was afraid that she might begin to ask difficult questions, but
she did not. She was very much interested in the seeds and gardening
tools, and there was only one moment when Mary was frightened. This was
when she began to ask where the flowers were to be planted.

“Who did tha’ ask about it?” she inquired.

“I haven’t asked anybody yet,” said Mary, hesitating.

“Well, I wouldn’t ask th’ head gardener. He’s too grand, Mr. Roach is.”

“I’ve never seen him,” said Mary. “I’ve only seen undergardeners and
Ben Weatherstaff.”

“If I was you, I’d ask Ben Weatherstaff,” advised Martha. “He’s not
half as bad as he looks, for all he’s so crabbed. Mr. Craven lets him
do what he likes because he was here when Mrs. Craven was alive, an’ he
used to make her laugh. She liked him. Perhaps he’d find you a corner
somewhere out o’ the way.”

“If it was out of the way and no one wanted it, no one _could_ mind my
having it, could they?” Mary said anxiously.

“There wouldn’t be no reason,” answered Martha. “You wouldn’t do no
harm.”

Mary ate her dinner as quickly as she could and when she rose from the
table she was going to run to her room to put on her hat again, but
Martha stopped her.

“I’ve got somethin’ to tell you,” she said. “I thought I’d let you eat
your dinner first. Mr. Craven came back this mornin’ and I think he
wants to see you.”

Mary turned quite pale.

“Oh!” she said. “Why! Why! He didn’t want to see me when I came. I
heard Pitcher say he didn’t.”

“Well,” explained Martha, “Mrs. Medlock says it’s because o’ mother.
She was walkin’ to Thwaite village an’ she met him. She’d never spoke
to him before, but Mrs. Craven had been to our cottage two or three
times. He’d forgot, but mother hadn’t an’ she made bold to stop him. I
don’t know what she said to him about you but she said somethin’ as put
him in th’ mind to see you before he goes away again, tomorrow.”

“Oh!” cried Mary, “is he going away tomorrow? I am so glad!”

“He’s goin’ for a long time. He mayn’t come back till autumn or winter.
He’s goin’ to travel in foreign places. He’s always doin’ it.”

“Oh! I’m so glad—so glad!” said Mary thankfully.

If he did not come back until winter, or even autumn, there would be
time to watch the secret garden come alive. Even if he found out then
and took it away from her she would have had that much at least.

“When do you think he will want to see—”

She did not finish the sentence, because the door opened, and Mrs.
Medlock walked in. She had on her best black dress and cap, and her
collar was fastened with a large brooch with a picture of a man’s face
on it. It was a colored photograph of Mr. Medlock who had died years
ago, and she always wore it when she was dressed up. She looked nervous
and excited.

“Your hair’s rough,” she said quickly. “Go and brush it. Martha, help
her to slip on her best dress. Mr. Craven sent me to bring her to him
in his study.”

All the pink left Mary’s cheeks. Her heart began to thump and she felt
herself changing into a stiff, plain, silent child again. She did not
even answer Mrs. Medlock, but turned and walked into her bedroom,
followed by Martha. She said nothing while her dress was changed, and
her hair brushed, and after she was quite tidy she followed Mrs.
Medlock down the corridors, in silence. What was there for her to say?
She was obliged to go and see Mr. Craven and he would not like her, and
she would not like him. She knew what he would think of her.

She was taken to a part of the house she had not been into before. At
last Mrs. Medlock knocked at a door, and when someone said, “Come in,”
they entered the room together. A man was sitting in an armchair before
the fire, and Mrs. Medlock spoke to him.

“This is Miss Mary, sir,” she said.

“You can go and leave her here. I will ring for you when I want you to
take her away,” said Mr. Craven.

When she went out and closed the door, Mary could only stand waiting, a
plain little thing, twisting her thin hands together. She could see
that the man in the chair was not so much a hunchback as a man with
high, rather crooked shoulders, and he had black hair streaked with
white. He turned his head over his high shoulders and spoke to her.

“Come here!” he said.

Mary went to him.

He was not ugly. His face would have been handsome if it had not been
so miserable. He looked as if the sight of her worried and fretted him
and as if he did not know what in the world to do with her.

“Are you well?” he asked.

“Yes,” answered Mary.

“Do they take good care of you?”

“Yes.”

He rubbed his forehead fretfully as he looked her over.

“You are very thin,” he said.

“I am getting fatter,” Mary answered in what she knew was her stiffest
way.

What an unhappy face he had! His black eyes seemed as if they scarcely
saw her, as if they were seeing something else, and he could hardly
keep his thoughts upon her.

“I forgot you,” he said. “How could I remember you? I intended to send
you a governess or a nurse, or someone of that sort, but I forgot.”

“Please,” began Mary. “Please—” and then the lump in her throat choked
her.

“What do you want to say?” he inquired.

“I am—I am too big for a nurse,” said Mary. “And please—please don’t
make me have a governess yet.”

He rubbed his forehead again and stared at her.

“That was what the Sowerby woman said,” he muttered absent-mindedly.

Then Mary gathered a scrap of courage.

“Is she—is she Martha’s mother?” she stammered.

“Yes, I think so,” he replied.

“She knows about children,” said Mary. “She has twelve. She knows.”

He seemed to rouse himself.

“What do you want to do?”

“I want to play out of doors,” Mary answered, hoping that her voice did
not tremble. “I never liked it in India. It makes me hungry here, and I
am getting fatter.”

He was watching her.

“Mrs. Sowerby said it would do you good. Perhaps it will,” he said.
“She thought you had better get stronger before you had a governess.”

“It makes me feel strong when I play and the wind comes over the moor,”
argued Mary.

“Where do you play?” he asked next.

“Everywhere,” gasped Mary. “Martha’s mother sent me a skipping-rope. I
skip and run—and I look about to see if things are beginning to stick
up out of the earth. I don’t do any harm.”

“Don’t look so frightened,” he said in a worried voice. “You could not
do any harm, a child like you! You may do what you like.”

Mary put her hand up to her throat because she was afraid he might see
the excited lump which she felt jump into it. She came a step nearer to
him.

“May I?” she said tremulously.

Her anxious little face seemed to worry him more than ever.

“Don’t look so frightened,” he exclaimed. “Of course you may. I am your
guardian, though I am a poor one for any child. I cannot give you time
or attention. I am too ill, and wretched and distracted; but I wish you
to be happy and comfortable. I don’t know anything about children, but
Mrs. Medlock is to see that you have all you need. I sent for you today
because Mrs. Sowerby said I ought to see you. Her daughter had talked
about you. She thought you needed fresh air and freedom and running
about.”

“She knows all about children,” Mary said again in spite of herself.

“She ought to,” said Mr. Craven. “I thought her rather bold to stop me
on the moor, but she said—Mrs. Craven had been kind to her.” It seemed
hard for him to speak his dead wife’s name. “She is a respectable
woman. Now I have seen you I think she said sensible things. Play out
of doors as much as you like. It’s a big place and you may go where you
like and amuse yourself as you like. Is there anything you want?” as if
a sudden thought had struck him. “Do you want toys, books, dolls?”

“Might I,” quavered Mary, “might I have a bit of earth?”

In her eagerness she did not realize how queer the words would sound
and that they were not the ones she had meant to say. Mr. Craven looked
quite startled.

“Earth!” he repeated. “What do you mean?”

“To plant seeds in—to make things grow—to see them come alive,” Mary
faltered.

He gazed at her a moment and then passed his hand quickly over his
eyes.

“Do you—care about gardens so much,” he said slowly.

“I didn’t know about them in India,” said Mary. “I was always ill and
tired and it was too hot. I sometimes made little beds in the sand and
stuck flowers in them. But here it is different.”

Mr. Craven got up and began to walk slowly across the room.

“A bit of earth,” he said to himself, and Mary thought that somehow she
must have reminded him of something. When he stopped and spoke to her
his dark eyes looked almost soft and kind.

“You can have as much earth as you want,” he said. “You remind me of
someone else who loved the earth and things that grow. When you see a
bit of earth you want,” with something like a smile, “take it, child,
and make it come alive.”

“May I take it from anywhere—if it’s not wanted?”

“Anywhere,” he answered. “There! You must go now, I am tired.” He
touched the bell to call Mrs. Medlock. “Good-by. I shall be away all
summer.”

Mrs. Medlock came so quickly that Mary thought she must have been
waiting in the corridor.

“Mrs. Medlock,” Mr. Craven said to her, “now I have seen the child I
understand what Mrs. Sowerby meant. She must be less delicate before
she begins lessons. Give her simple, healthy food. Let her run wild in
the garden. Don’t look after her too much. She needs liberty and fresh
air and romping about. Mrs. Sowerby is to come and see her now and then
and she may sometimes go to the cottage.”

Mrs. Medlock looked pleased. She was relieved to hear that she need not
“look after” Mary too much. She had felt her a tiresome charge and had
indeed seen as little of her as she dared. In addition to this she was
fond of Martha’s mother.

“Thank you, sir,” she said. “Susan Sowerby and me went to school
together and she’s as sensible and good-hearted a woman as you’d find
in a day’s walk. I never had any children myself and she’s had twelve,
and there never was healthier or better ones. Miss Mary can get no harm
from them. I’d always take Susan Sowerby’s advice about children
myself. She’s what you might call healthy-minded—if you understand me.”

“I understand,” Mr. Craven answered. “Take Miss Mary away now and send
Pitcher to me.”

When Mrs. Medlock left her at the end of her own corridor Mary flew
back to her room. She found Martha waiting there. Martha had, in fact,
hurried back after she had removed the dinner service.

“I can have my garden!” cried Mary. “I may have it where I like! I am
not going to have a governess for a long time! Your mother is coming to
see me and I may go to your cottage! He says a little girl like me
could not do any harm and I may do what I like—anywhere!”

“Eh!” said Martha delightedly, “that was nice of him wasn’t it?”

“Martha,” said Mary solemnly, “he is really a nice man, only his face
is so miserable and his forehead is all drawn together.”

She ran as quickly as she could to the garden. She had been away so
much longer than she had thought she should and she knew Dickon would
have to set out early on his five-mile walk. When she slipped through
the door under the ivy, she saw he was not working where she had left
him. The gardening tools were laid together under a tree. She ran to
them, looking all round the place, but there was no Dickon to be seen.
He had gone away and the secret garden was empty—except for the robin
who had just flown across the wall and sat on a standard rose-bush
watching her.

“He’s gone,” she said woefully. “Oh! was he—was he—was he only a wood
fairy?”

Something white fastened to the standard rose-bush caught her eye. It
was a piece of paper, in fact, it was a piece of the letter she had
printed for Martha to send to Dickon. It was fastened on the bush with
a long thorn, and in a minute she knew Dickon had left it there. There
were some roughly printed letters on it and a sort of picture. At first
she could not tell what it was. Then she saw it was meant for a nest
with a bird sitting on it. Underneath were the printed letters and they
said:

“I will cum bak.”




CHAPTER XIII.
“I AM COLIN”


Mary took the picture back to the house when she went to her supper and
she showed it to Martha.

“Eh!” said Martha with great pride. “I never knew our Dickon was as
clever as that. That there’s a picture of a missel thrush on her nest,
as large as life an’ twice as natural.”

Then Mary knew Dickon had meant the picture to be a message. He had
meant that she might be sure he would keep her secret. Her garden was
her nest and she was like a missel thrush. Oh, how she did like that
queer, common boy!

She hoped he would come back the very next day and she fell asleep
looking forward to the morning.

But you never know what the weather will do in Yorkshire, particularly
in the springtime. She was awakened in the night by the sound of rain
beating with heavy drops against her window. It was pouring down in
torrents and the wind was “wuthering” round the corners and in the
chimneys of the huge old house. Mary sat up in bed and felt miserable
and angry.

“The rain is as contrary as I ever was,” she said. “It came because it
knew I did not want it.”

She threw herself back on her pillow and buried her face. She did not
cry, but she lay and hated the sound of the heavily beating rain, she
hated the wind and its “wuthering.” She could not go to sleep again.
The mournful sound kept her awake because she felt mournful herself. If
she had felt happy it would probably have lulled her to sleep. How it
“wuthered” and how the big raindrops poured down and beat against the
pane!

“It sounds just like a person lost on the moor and wandering on and on
crying,” she said.

She had been lying awake turning from side to side for about an hour,
when suddenly something made her sit up in bed and turn her head toward
the door listening. She listened and she listened.

“It isn’t the wind now,” she said in a loud whisper. “That isn’t the
wind. It is different. It is that crying I heard before.”

The door of her room was ajar and the sound came down the corridor, a
far-off faint sound of fretful crying. She listened for a few minutes
and each minute she became more and more sure. She felt as if she must
find out what it was. It seemed even stranger than the secret garden
and the buried key. Perhaps the fact that she was in a rebellious mood
made her bold. She put her foot out of bed and stood on the floor.

“I am going to find out what it is,” she said. “Everybody is in bed and
I don’t care about Mrs. Medlock—I don’t care!”

There was a candle by her bedside and she took it up and went softly
out of the room. The corridor looked very long and dark, but she was
too excited to mind that. She thought she remembered the corners she
must turn to find the short corridor with the door covered with
tapestry—the one Mrs. Medlock had come through the day she lost
herself. The sound had come up that passage. So she went on with her
dim light, almost feeling her way, her heart beating so loud that she
fancied she could hear it. The far-off faint crying went on and led
her. Sometimes it stopped for a moment or so and then began again. Was
this the right corner to turn? She stopped and thought. Yes it was.
Down this passage and then to the left, and then up two broad steps,
and then to the right again. Yes, there was the tapestry door.

She pushed it open very gently and closed it behind her, and she stood
in the corridor and could hear the crying quite plainly, though it was
not loud. It was on the other side of the wall at her left and a few
yards farther on there was a door. She could see a glimmer of light
coming from beneath it. The Someone was crying in that room, and it was
quite a young Someone.

So she walked to the door and pushed it open, and there she was
standing in the room!

It was a big room with ancient, handsome furniture in it. There was a
low fire glowing faintly on the hearth and a night light burning by the
side of a carved four-posted bed hung with brocade, and on the bed was
lying a boy, crying fretfully.

Mary wondered if she was in a real place or if she had fallen asleep
again and was dreaming without knowing it.

The boy had a sharp, delicate face the color of ivory and he seemed to
have eyes too big for it. He had also a lot of hair which tumbled over
his forehead in heavy locks and made his thin face seem smaller. He
looked like a boy who had been ill, but he was crying more as if he
were tired and cross than as if he were in pain.

Mary stood near the door with her candle in her hand, holding her
breath. Then she crept across the room, and, as she drew nearer, the
light attracted the boy’s attention and he turned his head on his
pillow and stared at her, his gray eyes opening so wide that they
seemed immense.

“Who are you?” he said at last in a half-frightened whisper. “Are you a
ghost?”

“No, I am not,” Mary answered, her own whisper sounding half
frightened. “Are you one?”

He stared and stared and stared. Mary could not help noticing what
strange eyes he had. They were agate gray and they looked too big for
his face because they had black lashes all round them.

“No,” he replied after waiting a moment or so. “I am Colin.”

“Who is Colin?” she faltered.

“I am Colin Craven. Who are you?”

“I am Mary Lennox. Mr. Craven is my uncle.”

“He is my father,” said the boy.

“Your father!” gasped Mary. “No one ever told me he had a boy! Why
didn’t they?”

“Come here,” he said, still keeping his strange eyes fixed on her with
an anxious expression.

She came close to the bed and he put out his hand and touched her.

“You are real, aren’t you?” he said. “I have such real dreams very
often. You might be one of them.”

Mary had slipped on a woolen wrapper before she left her room and she
put a piece of it between his fingers.

“Rub that and see how thick and warm it is,” she said. “I will pinch
you a little if you like, to show you how real I am. For a minute I
thought you might be a dream too.”

“Where did you come from?” he asked.

“From my own room. The wind wuthered so I couldn’t go to sleep and I
heard someone crying and wanted to find out who it was. What were you
crying for?”

“Because I couldn’t go to sleep either and my head ached. Tell me your
name again.”

“Mary Lennox. Did no one ever tell you I had come to live here?”

He was still fingering the fold of her wrapper, but he began to look a
little more as if he believed in her reality.

“No,” he answered. “They daren’t.”

“Why?” asked Mary.

“Because I should have been afraid you would see me. I won’t let people
see me and talk me over.”

“Why?” Mary asked again, feeling more mystified every moment.

“Because I am like this always, ill and having to lie down. My father
won’t let people talk me over either. The servants are not allowed to
speak about me. If I live I may be a hunchback, but I shan’t live. My
father hates to think I may be like him.”

“Oh, what a queer house this is!” Mary said. “What a queer house!
Everything is a kind of secret. Rooms are locked up and gardens are
locked up—and you! Have you been locked up?”

“No. I stay in this room because I don’t want to be moved out of it. It
tires me too much.”

“Does your father come and see you?” Mary ventured.

“Sometimes. Generally when I am asleep. He doesn’t want to see me.”

“Why?” Mary could not help asking again.

A sort of angry shadow passed over the boy’s face.

“My mother died when I was born and it makes him wretched to look at
me. He thinks I don’t know, but I’ve heard people talking. He almost
hates me.”

“He hates the garden, because she died,” said Mary half speaking to
herself.

“What garden?” the boy asked.

“Oh! just—just a garden she used to like,” Mary stammered. “Have you
been here always?”

“Nearly always. Sometimes I have been taken to places at the seaside,
but I won’t stay because people stare at me. I used to wear an iron
thing to keep my back straight, but a grand doctor came from London to
see me and said it was stupid. He told them to take it off and keep me
out in the fresh air. I hate fresh air and I don’t want to go out.”

“I didn’t when first I came here,” said Mary. “Why do you keep looking
at me like that?”

“Because of the dreams that are so real,” he answered rather fretfully.
“Sometimes when I open my eyes I don’t believe I’m awake.”

“We’re both awake,” said Mary. She glanced round the room with its high
ceiling and shadowy corners and dim fire-light. “It looks quite like a
dream, and it’s the middle of the night, and everybody in the house is
asleep—everybody but us. We are wide awake.”

“I don’t want it to be a dream,” the boy said restlessly.

Mary thought of something all at once.

“If you don’t like people to see you,” she began, “do you want me to go
away?”

He still held the fold of her wrapper and he gave it a little pull.

“No,” he said. “I should be sure you were a dream if you went. If you
are real, sit down on that big footstool and talk. I want to hear about
you.”

Mary put down her candle on the table near the bed and sat down on the
cushioned stool. She did not want to go away at all. She wanted to stay
in the mysterious hidden-away room and talk to the mysterious boy.

“What do you want me to tell you?” she said.

He wanted to know how long she had been at Misselthwaite; he wanted to
know which corridor her room was on; he wanted to know what she had
been doing; if she disliked the moor as he disliked it; where she had
lived before she came to Yorkshire. She answered all these questions
and many more and he lay back on his pillow and listened. He made her
tell him a great deal about India and about her voyage across the
ocean. She found out that because he had been an invalid he had not
learned things as other children had. One of his nurses had taught him
to read when he was quite little and he was always reading and looking
at pictures in splendid books.

Though his father rarely saw him when he was awake, he was given all
sorts of wonderful things to amuse himself with. He never seemed to
have been amused, however. He could have anything he asked for and was
never made to do anything he did not like to do.

“Everyone is obliged to do what pleases me,” he said indifferently. “It
makes me ill to be angry. No one believes I shall live to grow up.”

He said it as if he was so accustomed to the idea that it had ceased to
matter to him at all. He seemed to like the sound of Mary’s voice. As
she went on talking he listened in a drowsy, interested way. Once or
twice she wondered if he were not gradually falling into a doze. But at
last he asked a question which opened up a new subject.

“How old are you?” he asked.

“I am ten,” answered Mary, forgetting herself for the moment, “and so
are you.”

“How do you know that?” he demanded in a surprised voice.

“Because when you were born the garden door was locked and the key was
buried. And it has been locked for ten years.”

Colin half sat up, turning toward her, leaning on his elbows.

“What garden door was locked? Who did it? Where was the key buried?” he
exclaimed as if he were suddenly very much interested.

“It—it was the garden Mr. Craven hates,” said Mary nervously. “He
locked the door. No one—no one knew where he buried the key.”

“What sort of a garden is it?” Colin persisted eagerly.

“No one has been allowed to go into it for ten years,” was Mary’s
careful answer.

But it was too late to be careful. He was too much like herself. He too
had had nothing to think about and the idea of a hidden garden
attracted him as it had attracted her. He asked question after
question. Where was it? Had she never looked for the door? Had she
never asked the gardeners?

“They won’t talk about it,” said Mary. “I think they have been told not
to answer questions.”

“I would make them,” said Colin.

“Could you?” Mary faltered, beginning to feel frightened. If he could
make people answer questions, who knew what might happen!

“Everyone is obliged to please me. I told you that,” he said. “If I
were to live, this place would sometime belong to me. They all know
that. I would make them tell me.”

Mary had not known that she herself had been spoiled, but she could see
quite plainly that this mysterious boy had been. He thought that the
whole world belonged to him. How peculiar he was and how coolly he
spoke of not living.

“Do you think you won’t live?” she asked, partly because she was
curious and partly in hope of making him forget the garden.

“I don’t suppose I shall,” he answered as indifferently as he had
spoken before. “Ever since I remember anything I have heard people say
I shan’t. At first they thought I was too little to understand and now
they think I don’t hear. But I do. My doctor is my father’s cousin. He
is quite poor and if I die he will have all Misselthwaite when my
father is dead. I should think he wouldn’t want me to live.”

“Do you want to live?” inquired Mary.

“No,” he answered, in a cross, tired fashion. “But I don’t want to die.
When I feel ill I lie here and think about it until I cry and cry.”

“I have heard you crying three times,” Mary said, “but I did not know
who it was. Were you crying about that?” She did so want him to forget
the garden.

“I dare say,” he answered. “Let us talk about something else. Talk
about that garden. Don’t you want to see it?”

“Yes,” answered Mary, in quite a low voice.

“I do,” he went on persistently. “I don’t think I ever really wanted to
see anything before, but I want to see that garden. I want the key dug
up. I want the door unlocked. I would let them take me there in my
chair. That would be getting fresh air. I am going to make them open
the door.”

He had become quite excited and his strange eyes began to shine like
stars and looked more immense than ever.

“They have to please me,” he said. “I will make them take me there and
I will let you go, too.”

Mary’s hands clutched each other. Everything would be
spoiled—everything! Dickon would never come back. She would never again
feel like a missel thrush with a safe-hidden nest.

“Oh, don’t—don’t—don’t—don’t do that!” she cried out.

He stared as if he thought she had gone crazy!

“Why?” he exclaimed. “You said you wanted to see it.”

“I do,” she answered almost with a sob in her throat, “but if you make
them open the door and take you in like that it will never be a secret
again.”

He leaned still farther forward.

“A secret,” he said. “What do you mean? Tell me.”

Mary’s words almost tumbled over one another.

“You see—you see,” she panted, “if no one knows but ourselves—if there
was a door, hidden somewhere under the ivy—if there was—and we could
find it; and if we could slip through it together and shut it behind
us, and no one knew anyone was inside and we called it our garden and
pretended that—that we were missel thrushes and it was our nest, and if
we played there almost every day and dug and planted seeds and made it
all come alive—”

“Is it dead?” he interrupted her.

“It soon will be if no one cares for it,” she went on. “The bulbs will
live but the roses—”

He stopped her again as excited as she was herself.

“What are bulbs?” he put in quickly.

“They are daffodils and lilies and snowdrops. They are working in the
earth now—pushing up pale green points because the spring is coming.”

“Is the spring coming?” he said. “What is it like? You don’t see it in
rooms if you are ill.”

“It is the sun shining on the rain and the rain falling on the
sunshine, and things pushing up and working under the earth,” said
Mary. “If the garden was a secret and we could get into it we could
watch the things grow bigger every day, and see how many roses are
alive. Don’t you see? Oh, don’t you see how much nicer it would be if
it was a secret?”

He dropped back on his pillow and lay there with an odd expression on
his face.

“I never had a secret,” he said, “except that one about not living to
grow up. They don’t know I know that, so it is a sort of secret. But I
like this kind better.”

“If you won’t make them take you to the garden,” pleaded Mary,
“perhaps—I feel almost sure I can find out how to get in sometime. And
then—if the doctor wants you to go out in your chair, and if you can
always do what you want to do, perhaps—perhaps we might find some boy
who would push you, and we could go alone and it would always be a
secret garden.”

“I should—like—that,” he said very slowly, his eyes looking dreamy. “I
should like that. I should not mind fresh air in a secret garden.”

Mary began to recover her breath and feel safer because the idea of
keeping the secret seemed to please him. She felt almost sure that if
she kept on talking and could make him see the garden in his mind as
she had seen it he would like it so much that he could not bear to
think that everybody might tramp in to it when they chose.

“I’ll tell you what I _think_ it would be like, if we could go into
it,” she said. “It has been shut up so long things have grown into a
tangle perhaps.”

He lay quite still and listened while she went on talking about the
roses which _might_ have clambered from tree to tree and hung
down—about the many birds which _might_ have built their nests there
because it was so safe. And then she told him about the robin and Ben
Weatherstaff, and there was so much to tell about the robin and it was
so easy and safe to talk about it that she ceased to be afraid. The
robin pleased him so much that he smiled until he looked almost
beautiful, and at first Mary had thought that he was even plainer than
herself, with his big eyes and heavy locks of hair.

“I did not know birds could be like that,” he said. “But if you stay in
a room you never see things. What a lot of things you know. I feel as
if you had been inside that garden.”

She did not know what to say, so she did not say anything. He evidently
did not expect an answer and the next moment he gave her a surprise.

“I am going to let you look at something,” he said. “Do you see that
rose-colored silk curtain hanging on the wall over the mantel-piece?”

Mary had not noticed it before, but she looked up and saw it. It was a
curtain of soft silk hanging over what seemed to be some picture.

“Yes,” she answered.

“There is a cord hanging from it,” said Colin. “Go and pull it.”

Mary got up, much mystified, and found the cord. When she pulled it the
silk curtain ran back on rings and when it ran back it uncovered a
picture. It was the picture of a girl with a laughing face. She had
bright hair tied up with a blue ribbon and her gay, lovely eyes were
exactly like Colin’s unhappy ones, agate gray and looking twice as big
as they really were because of the black lashes all round them.

“She is my mother,” said Colin complainingly. “I don’t see why she
died. Sometimes I hate her for doing it.”

“How queer!” said Mary.

“If she had lived I believe I should not have been ill always,” he
grumbled. “I dare say I should have lived, too. And my father would not
have hated to look at me. I dare say I should have had a strong back.
Draw the curtain again.”

Mary did as she was told and returned to her footstool.

“She is much prettier than you,” she said, “but her eyes are just like
yours—at least they are the same shape and color. Why is the curtain
drawn over her?”

He moved uncomfortably.

“I made them do it,” he said. “Sometimes I don’t like to see her
looking at me. She smiles too much when I am ill and miserable.
Besides, she is mine and I don’t want everyone to see her.”

There were a few moments of silence and then Mary spoke.

“What would Mrs. Medlock do if she found out that I had been here?” she
inquired.

“She would do as I told her to do,” he answered. “And I should tell her
that I wanted you to come here and talk to me every day. I am glad you
came.”

“So am I,” said Mary. “I will come as often as I can, but”—she
hesitated—“I shall have to look every day for the garden door.”

“Yes, you must,” said Colin, “and you can tell me about it afterward.”

He lay thinking a few minutes, as he had done before, and then he spoke
again.

“I think you shall be a secret, too,” he said. “I will not tell them
until they find out. I can always send the nurse out of the room and
say that I want to be by myself. Do you know Martha?”

“Yes, I know her very well,” said Mary. “She waits on me.”

He nodded his head toward the outer corridor.

“She is the one who is asleep in the other room. The nurse went away
yesterday to stay all night with her sister and she always makes Martha
attend to me when she wants to go out. Martha shall tell you when to
come here.”

Then Mary understood Martha’s troubled look when she had asked
questions about the crying.

“Martha knew about you all the time?” she said.

“Yes; she often attends to me. The nurse likes to get away from me and
then Martha comes.”

“I have been here a long time,” said Mary. “Shall I go away now? Your
eyes look sleepy.”

“I wish I could go to sleep before you leave me,” he said rather shyly.

“Shut your eyes,” said Mary, drawing her footstool closer, “and I will
do what my Ayah used to do in India. I will pat your hand and stroke it
and sing something quite low.”

“I should like that perhaps,” he said drowsily.

Somehow she was sorry for him and did not want him to lie awake, so she
leaned against the bed and began to stroke and pat his hand and sing a
very low little chanting song in Hindustani.

“That is nice,” he said more drowsily still, and she went on chanting
and stroking, but when she looked at him again his black lashes were
lying close against his cheeks, for his eyes were shut and he was fast
asleep. So she got up softly, took her candle and crept away without
making a sound.




CHAPTER XIV.
A YOUNG RAJAH


The moor was hidden in mist when the morning came, and the rain had not
stopped pouring down. There could be no going out of doors. Martha was
so busy that Mary had no opportunity of talking to her, but in the
afternoon she asked her to come and sit with her in the nursery. She
came bringing the stocking she was always knitting when she was doing
nothing else.

“What’s the matter with thee?” she asked as soon as they sat down.
“Tha’ looks as if tha’d somethin’ to say.”

“I have. I have found out what the crying was,” said Mary.

Martha let her knitting drop on her knee and gazed at her with startled
eyes.

“Tha’ hasn’t!” she exclaimed. “Never!”

“I heard it in the night,” Mary went on. “And I got up and went to see
where it came from. It was Colin. I found him.”

Martha’s face became red with fright.

“Eh! Miss Mary!” she said half crying. “Tha’ shouldn’t have done
it—tha’ shouldn’t! Tha’ll get me in trouble. I never told thee nothin’
about him—but tha’ll get me in trouble. I shall lose my place and
what’ll mother do!”

“You won’t lose your place,” said Mary. “He was glad I came. We talked
and talked and he said he was glad I came.”

“Was he?” cried Martha. “Art tha’ sure? Tha’ doesn’t know what he’s
like when anything vexes him. He’s a big lad to cry like a baby, but
when he’s in a passion he’ll fair scream just to frighten us. He knows
us daren’t call our souls our own.”

“He wasn’t vexed,” said Mary. “I asked him if I should go away and he
made me stay. He asked me questions and I sat on a big footstool and
talked to him about India and about the robin and gardens. He wouldn’t
let me go. He let me see his mother’s picture. Before I left him I sang
him to sleep.”

Martha fairly gasped with amazement.

“I can scarcely believe thee!” she protested. “It’s as if tha’d walked
straight into a lion’s den. If he’d been like he is most times he’d
have throwed himself into one of his tantrums and roused th’ house. He
won’t let strangers look at him.”

“He let me look at him. I looked at him all the time and he looked at
me. We stared!” said Mary.

“I don’t know what to do!” cried agitated Martha. “If Mrs. Medlock
finds out, she’ll think I broke orders and told thee and I shall be
packed back to mother.”

“He is not going to tell Mrs. Medlock anything about it yet. It’s to be
a sort of secret just at first,” said Mary firmly. “And he says
everybody is obliged to do as he pleases.”

“Aye, that’s true enough—th’ bad lad!” sighed Martha, wiping her
forehead with her apron.

“He says Mrs. Medlock must. And he wants me to come and talk to him
every day. And you are to tell me when he wants me.”

“Me!” said Martha; “I shall lose my place—I shall for sure!”

“You can’t if you are doing what he wants you to do and everybody is
ordered to obey him,” Mary argued.

“Does tha’ mean to say,” cried Martha with wide open eyes, “that he was
nice to thee!”

“I think he almost liked me,” Mary answered.

“Then tha’ must have bewitched him!” decided Martha, drawing a long
breath.

“Do you mean Magic?” inquired Mary. “I’ve heard about Magic in India,
but I can’t make it. I just went into his room and I was so surprised
to see him I stood and stared. And then he turned round and stared at
me. And he thought I was a ghost or a dream and I thought perhaps he
was. And it was so queer being there alone together in the middle of
the night and not knowing about each other. And we began to ask each
other questions. And when I asked him if I must go away he said I must
not.”

“Th’ world’s comin’ to a end!” gasped Martha.

“What is the matter with him?” asked Mary.

“Nobody knows for sure and certain,” said Martha. “Mr. Craven went off
his head like when he was born. Th’ doctors thought he’d have to be put
in a ’sylum. It was because Mrs. Craven died like I told you. He
wouldn’t set eyes on th’ baby. He just raved and said it’d be another
hunchback like him and it’d better die.”

“Is Colin a hunchback?” Mary asked. “He didn’t look like one.”

“He isn’t yet,” said Martha. “But he began all wrong. Mother said that
there was enough trouble and raging in th’ house to set any child
wrong. They was afraid his back was weak an’ they’ve always been takin’
care of it—keepin’ him lyin’ down and not lettin’ him walk. Once they
made him wear a brace but he fretted so he was downright ill. Then a
big doctor came to see him an’ made them take it off. He talked to th’
other doctor quite rough—in a polite way. He said there’d been too much
medicine and too much lettin’ him have his own way.”

“I think he’s a very spoiled boy,” said Mary.

“He’s th’ worst young nowt as ever was!” said Martha. “I won’t say as
he hasn’t been ill a good bit. He’s had coughs an’ colds that’s nearly
killed him two or three times. Once he had rheumatic fever an’ once he
had typhoid. Eh! Mrs. Medlock did get a fright then. He’d been out of
his head an’ she was talkin’ to th’ nurse, thinkin’ he didn’t know
nothin’, an’ she said, ‘He’ll die this time sure enough, an’ best thing
for him an’ for everybody.’ An’ she looked at him an’ there he was with
his big eyes open, starin’ at her as sensible as she was herself. She
didn’t know wha’d happen but he just stared at her an’ says, ‘You give
me some water an’ stop talkin’.’”

“Do you think he will die?” asked Mary.

“Mother says there’s no reason why any child should live that gets no
fresh air an’ doesn’t do nothin’ but lie on his back an’ read
picture-books an’ take medicine. He’s weak and hates th’ trouble o’
bein’ taken out o’ doors, an’ he gets cold so easy he says it makes him
ill.”

Mary sat and looked at the fire.

“I wonder,” she said slowly, “if it would not do him good to go out
into a garden and watch things growing. It did me good.”

“One of th’ worst fits he ever had,” said Martha, “was one time they
took him out where the roses is by the fountain. He’d been readin’ in a
paper about people gettin’ somethin’ he called ‘rose cold’ an’ he began
to sneeze an’ said he’d got it an’ then a new gardener as didn’t know
th’ rules passed by an’ looked at him curious. He threw himself into a
passion an’ he said he’d looked at him because he was going to be a
hunchback. He cried himself into a fever an’ was ill all night.”

“If he ever gets angry at me, I’ll never go and see him again,” said
Mary.

“He’ll have thee if he wants thee,” said Martha. “Tha’ may as well know
that at th’ start.”

Very soon afterward a bell rang and she rolled up her knitting.

“I dare say th’ nurse wants me to stay with him a bit,” she said. “I
hope he’s in a good temper.”

She was out of the room about ten minutes and then she came back with a
puzzled expression.

“Well, tha’ has bewitched him,” she said. “He’s up on his sofa with his
picture-books. He’s told the nurse to stay away until six o’clock. I’m
to wait in the next room. Th’ minute she was gone he called me to him
an’ says, ‘I want Mary Lennox to come and talk to me, and remember
you’re not to tell anyone.’ You’d better go as quick as you can.”

Mary was quite willing to go quickly. She did not want to see Colin as
much as she wanted to see Dickon; but she wanted to see him very much.

There was a bright fire on the hearth when she entered his room, and in
the daylight she saw it was a very beautiful room indeed. There were
rich colors in the rugs and hangings and pictures and books on the
walls which made it look glowing and comfortable even in spite of the
gray sky and falling rain. Colin looked rather like a picture himself.
He was wrapped in a velvet dressing-gown and sat against a big brocaded
cushion. He had a red spot on each cheek.

“Come in,” he said. “I’ve been thinking about you all morning.”

“I’ve been thinking about you, too,” answered Mary. “You don’t know how
frightened Martha is. She says Mrs. Medlock will think she told me
about you and then she will be sent away.”

He frowned.

“Go and tell her to come here,” he said. “She is in the next room.”

Mary went and brought her back. Poor Martha was shaking in her shoes.
Colin was still frowning.

“Have you to do what I please or have you not?” he demanded.

“I have to do what you please, sir,” Martha faltered, turning quite
red.

“Has Medlock to do what I please?”

“Everybody has, sir,” said Martha.

“Well, then, if I order you to bring Miss Mary to me, how can Medlock
send you away if she finds it out?”

“Please don’t let her, sir,” pleaded Martha.

“I’ll send _her_ away if she dares to say a word about such a thing,”
said Master Craven grandly. “She wouldn’t like that, I can tell you.”

“Thank you, sir,” bobbing a curtsy, “I want to do my duty, sir.”

“What I want is your duty” said Colin more grandly still. “I’ll take
care of you. Now go away.”

When the door closed behind Martha, Colin found Mistress Mary gazing at
him as if he had set her wondering.

“Why do you look at me like that?” he asked her. “What are you thinking
about?”

“I am thinking about two things.”

“What are they? Sit down and tell me.”

“This is the first one,” said Mary, seating herself on the big stool.
“Once in India I saw a boy who was a Rajah. He had rubies and emeralds
and diamonds stuck all over him. He spoke to his people just as you
spoke to Martha. Everybody had to do everything he told them—in a
minute. I think they would have been killed if they hadn’t.”

“I shall make you tell me about Rajahs presently,” he said, “but first
tell me what the second thing was.”

“I was thinking,” said Mary, “how different you are from Dickon.”

“Who is Dickon?” he said. “What a queer name!”

She might as well tell him, she thought she could talk about Dickon
without mentioning the secret garden. She had liked to hear Martha talk
about him. Besides, she longed to talk about him. It would seem to
bring him nearer.

“He is Martha’s brother. He is twelve years old,” she explained. “He is
not like anyone else in the world. He can charm foxes and squirrels and
birds just as the natives in India charm snakes. He plays a very soft
tune on a pipe and they come and listen.”

There were some big books on a table at his side and he dragged one
suddenly toward him.

“There is a picture of a snake-charmer in this,” he exclaimed. “Come
and look at it.”

The book was a beautiful one with superb colored illustrations and he
turned to one of them.

“Can he do that?” he asked eagerly.

“He played on his pipe and they listened,” Mary explained. “But he
doesn’t call it Magic. He says it’s because he lives on the moor so
much and he knows their ways. He says he feels sometimes as if he was a
bird or a rabbit himself, he likes them so. I think he asked the robin
questions. It seemed as if they talked to each other in soft chirps.”

Colin lay back on his cushion and his eyes grew larger and larger and
the spots on his cheeks burned.

“Tell me some more about him,” he said.

“He knows all about eggs and nests,” Mary went on. “And he knows where
foxes and badgers and otters live. He keeps them secret so that other
boys won’t find their holes and frighten them. He knows about
everything that grows or lives on the moor.”

“Does he like the moor?” said Colin. “How can he when it’s such a
great, bare, dreary place?”

“It’s the most beautiful place,” protested Mary. “Thousands of lovely
things grow on it and there are thousands of little creatures all busy
building nests and making holes and burrows and chippering or singing
or squeaking to each other. They are so busy and having such fun under
the earth or in the trees or heather. It’s their world.”

“How do you know all that?” said Colin, turning on his elbow to look at
her.

“I have never been there once, really,” said Mary suddenly remembering.
“I only drove over it in the dark. I thought it was hideous. Martha
told me about it first and then Dickon. When Dickon talks about it you
feel as if you saw things and heard them and as if you were standing in
the heather with the sun shining and the gorse smelling like honey—and
all full of bees and butterflies.”

“You never see anything if you are ill,” said Colin restlessly. He
looked like a person listening to a new sound in the distance and
wondering what it was.

“You can’t if you stay in a room,” said Mary.

“I couldn’t go on the moor,” he said in a resentful tone.

Mary was silent for a minute and then she said something bold.

“You might—sometime.”

He moved as if he were startled.

“Go on the moor! How could I? I am going to die.”

“How do you know?” said Mary unsympathetically. She didn’t like the way
he had of talking about dying. She did not feel very sympathetic. She
felt rather as if he almost boasted about it.

“Oh, I’ve heard it ever since I remember,” he answered crossly. “They
are always whispering about it and thinking I don’t notice. They wish I
would, too.”

Mistress Mary felt quite contrary. She pinched her lips together.

“If they wished I would,” she said, “I wouldn’t. Who wishes you would?”

“The servants—and of course Dr. Craven because he would get
Misselthwaite and be rich instead of poor. He daren’t say so, but he
always looks cheerful when I am worse. When I had typhoid fever his
face got quite fat. I think my father wishes it, too.”

“I don’t believe he does,” said Mary quite obstinately.

That made Colin turn and look at her again.

“Don’t you?” he said.

And then he lay back on his cushion and was still, as if he were
thinking. And there was quite a long silence. Perhaps they were both of
them thinking strange things children do not usually think of.

“I like the grand doctor from London, because he made them take the
iron thing off,” said Mary at last “Did he say you were going to die?”

“No.”

“What did he say?”

“He didn’t whisper,” Colin answered. “Perhaps he knew I hated
whispering. I heard him say one thing quite aloud. He said, ‘The lad
might live if he would make up his mind to it. Put him in the humor.’
It sounded as if he was in a temper.”

“I’ll tell you who would put you in the humor, perhaps,” said Mary
reflecting. She felt as if she would like this thing to be settled one
way or the other. “I believe Dickon would. He’s always talking about
live things. He never talks about dead things or things that are ill.
He’s always looking up in the sky to watch birds flying—or looking down
at the earth to see something growing. He has such round blue eyes and
they are so wide open with looking about. And he laughs such a big
laugh with his wide mouth—and his cheeks are as red—as red as
cherries.”

She pulled her stool nearer to the sofa and her expression quite
changed at the remembrance of the wide curving mouth and wide open
eyes.

“See here,” she said. “Don’t let us talk about dying; I don’t like it.
Let us talk about living. Let us talk and talk about Dickon. And then
we will look at your pictures.”

It was the best thing she could have said. To talk about Dickon meant
to talk about the moor and about the cottage and the fourteen people
who lived in it on sixteen shillings a week—and the children who got
fat on the moor grass like the wild ponies. And about Dickon’s
mother—and the skipping-rope—and the moor with the sun on it—and about
pale green points sticking up out of the black sod. And it was all so
alive that Mary talked more than she had ever talked before—and Colin
both talked and listened as he had never done either before. And they
both began to laugh over nothings as children will when they are happy
together. And they laughed so that in the end they were making as much
noise as if they had been two ordinary healthy natural ten-year-old
creatures—instead of a hard, little, unloving girl and a sickly boy who
believed that he was going to die.

They enjoyed themselves so much that they forgot the pictures and they
forgot about the time. They had been laughing quite loudly over Ben
Weatherstaff and his robin, and Colin was actually sitting up as if he
had forgotten about his weak back, when he suddenly remembered
something.

“Do you know there is one thing we have never once thought of,” he
said. “We are cousins.”

It seemed so queer that they had talked so much and never remembered
this simple thing that they laughed more than ever, because they had
got into the humor to laugh at anything. And in the midst of the fun
the door opened and in walked Dr. Craven and Mrs. Medlock.

Dr. Craven started in actual alarm and Mrs. Medlock almost fell back
because he had accidentally bumped against her.

“Good Lord!” exclaimed poor Mrs. Medlock with her eyes almost starting
out of her head. “Good Lord!”

“What is this?” said Dr. Craven, coming forward. “What does it mean?”

Then Mary was reminded of the boy Rajah again. Colin answered as if
neither the doctor’s alarm nor Mrs. Medlock’s terror were of the
slightest consequence. He was as little disturbed or frightened as if
an elderly cat and dog had walked into the room.

“This is my cousin, Mary Lennox,” he said. “I asked her to come and
talk to me. I like her. She must come and talk to me whenever I send
for her.”

Dr. Craven turned reproachfully to Mrs. Medlock.

“Oh, sir” she panted. “I don’t know how it’s happened. There’s not a
servant on the place tha’d dare to talk—they all have their orders.”

“Nobody told her anything,” said Colin. “She heard me crying and found
me herself. I am glad she came. Don’t be silly, Medlock.”

Mary saw that Dr. Craven did not look pleased, but it was quite plain
that he dare not oppose his patient. He sat down by Colin and felt his
pulse.

“I am afraid there has been too much excitement. Excitement is not good
for you, my boy,” he said.

“I should be excited if she kept away,” answered Colin, his eyes
beginning to look dangerously sparkling. “I am better. She makes me
better. The nurse must bring up her tea with mine. We will have tea
together.”

Mrs. Medlock and Dr. Craven looked at each other in a troubled way, but
there was evidently nothing to be done.

“He does look rather better, sir,” ventured Mrs. Medlock.
“But”—thinking the matter over—“he looked better this morning before
she came into the room.”

“She came into the room last night. She stayed with me a long time. She
sang a Hindustani song to me and it made me go to sleep,” said Colin.
“I was better when I wakened up. I wanted my breakfast. I want my tea
now. Tell nurse, Medlock.”

Dr. Craven did not stay very long. He talked to the nurse for a few
minutes when she came into the room and said a few words of warning to
Colin. He must not talk too much; he must not forget that he was ill;
he must not forget that he was very easily tired. Mary thought that
there seemed to be a number of uncomfortable things he was not to
forget.

Colin looked fretful and kept his strange black-lashed eyes fixed on
Dr. Craven’s face.

“I _want_ to forget it,” he said at last. “She makes me forget it. That
is why I want her.”

Dr. Craven did not look happy when he left the room. He gave a puzzled
glance at the little girl sitting on the large stool. She had become a
stiff, silent child again as soon as he entered and he could not see
what the attraction was. The boy actually did look brighter,
however—and he sighed rather heavily as he went down the corridor.

“They are always wanting me to eat things when I don’t want to,” said
Colin, as the nurse brought in the tea and put it on the table by the
sofa. “Now, if you’ll eat I will. Those muffins look so nice and hot.
Tell me about Rajahs.”




CHAPTER XV.
NEST BUILDING


After another week of rain the high arch of blue sky appeared again and
the sun which poured down was quite hot. Though there had been no
chance to see either the secret garden or Dickon, Mistress Mary had
enjoyed herself very much. The week had not seemed long. She had spent
hours of every day with Colin in his room, talking about Rajahs or
gardens or Dickon and the cottage on the moor. They had looked at the
splendid books and pictures and sometimes Mary had read things to
Colin, and sometimes he had read a little to her. When he was amused
and interested she thought he scarcely looked like an invalid at all,
except that his face was so colorless and he was always on the sofa.

“You are a sly young one to listen and get out of your bed to go
following things up like you did that night,” Mrs. Medlock said once.
“But there’s no saying it’s not been a sort of blessing to the lot of
us. He’s not had a tantrum or a whining fit since you made friends. The
nurse was just going to give up the case because she was so sick of
him, but she says she doesn’t mind staying now you’ve gone on duty with
her,” laughing a little.

In her talks with Colin, Mary had tried to be very cautious about the
secret garden. There were certain things she wanted to find out from
him, but she felt that she must find them out without asking him direct
questions. In the first place, as she began to like to be with him, she
wanted to discover whether he was the kind of boy you could tell a
secret to. He was not in the least like Dickon, but he was evidently so
pleased with the idea of a garden no one knew anything about that she
thought perhaps he could be trusted. But she had not known him long
enough to be sure. The second thing she wanted to find out was this: If
he could be trusted—if he really could—wouldn’t it be possible to take
him to the garden without having anyone find it out? The grand doctor
had said that he must have fresh air and Colin had said that he would
not mind fresh air in a secret garden. Perhaps if he had a great deal
of fresh air and knew Dickon and the robin and saw things growing he
might not think so much about dying. Mary had seen herself in the glass
sometimes lately when she had realized that she looked quite a
different creature from the child she had seen when she arrived from
India. This child looked nicer. Even Martha had seen a change in her.

“Th’ air from th’ moor has done thee good already,” she had said.
“Tha’rt not nigh so yeller and tha’rt not nigh so scrawny. Even tha’
hair doesn’t slamp down on tha’ head so flat. It’s got some life in it
so as it sticks out a bit.”

“It’s like me,” said Mary. “It’s growing stronger and fatter. I’m sure
there’s more of it.”

“It looks it, for sure,” said Martha, ruffling it up a little round her
face. “Tha’rt not half so ugly when it’s that way an’ there’s a bit o’
red in tha’ cheeks.”

If gardens and fresh air had been good for her perhaps they would be
good for Colin. But then, if he hated people to look at him, perhaps he
would not like to see Dickon.

“Why does it make you angry when you are looked at?” she inquired one
day.

“I always hated it,” he answered, “even when I was very little. Then
when they took me to the seaside and I used to lie in my carriage
everybody used to stare and ladies would stop and talk to my nurse and
then they would begin to whisper and I knew then they were saying I
shouldn’t live to grow up. Then sometimes the ladies would pat my
cheeks and say ‘Poor child!’ Once when a lady did that I screamed out
loud and bit her hand. She was so frightened she ran away.”

“She thought you had gone mad like a dog,” said Mary, not at all
admiringly.

“I don’t care what she thought,” said Colin, frowning.

“I wonder why you didn’t scream and bite me when I came into your
room?” said Mary. Then she began to smile slowly.

“I thought you were a ghost or a dream,” he said. “You can’t bite a
ghost or a dream, and if you scream they don’t care.”

“Would you hate it if—if a boy looked at you?” Mary asked uncertainly.

He lay back on his cushion and paused thoughtfully.

“There’s one boy,” he said quite slowly, as if he were thinking over
every word, “there’s one boy I believe I shouldn’t mind. It’s that boy
who knows where the foxes live—Dickon.”

“I’m sure you wouldn’t mind him,” said Mary.

“The birds don’t and other animals,” he said, still thinking it over,
“perhaps that’s why I shouldn’t. He’s a sort of animal charmer and I am
a boy animal.”

Then he laughed and she laughed too; in fact it ended in their both
laughing a great deal and finding the idea of a boy animal hiding in
his hole very funny indeed.

What Mary felt afterward was that she need not fear about Dickon.

On that first morning when the sky was blue again Mary wakened very
early. The sun was pouring in slanting rays through the blinds and
there was something so joyous in the sight of it that she jumped out of
bed and ran to the window. She drew up the blinds and opened the window
itself and a great waft of fresh, scented air blew in upon her. The
moor was blue and the whole world looked as if something Magic had
happened to it. There were tender little fluting sounds here and there
and everywhere, as if scores of birds were beginning to tune up for a
concert. Mary put her hand out of the window and held it in the sun.

“It’s warm—warm!” she said. “It will make the green points push up and
up and up, and it will make the bulbs and roots work and struggle with
all their might under the earth.”

She kneeled down and leaned out of the window as far as she could,
breathing big breaths and sniffing the air until she laughed because
she remembered what Dickon’s mother had said about the end of his nose
quivering like a rabbit’s.

“It must be very early,” she said. “The little clouds are all pink and
I’ve never seen the sky look like this. No one is up. I don’t even hear
the stable boys.”

A sudden thought made her scramble to her feet.

“I can’t wait! I am going to see the garden!”

She had learned to dress herself by this time and she put on her
clothes in five minutes. She knew a small side door which she could
unbolt herself and she flew downstairs in her stocking feet and put on
her shoes in the hall. She unchained and unbolted and unlocked and when
the door was open she sprang across the step with one bound, and there
she was standing on the grass, which seemed to have turned green, and
with the sun pouring down on her and warm sweet wafts about her and the
fluting and twittering and singing coming from every bush and tree. She
clasped her hands for pure joy and looked up in the sky and it was so
blue and pink and pearly and white and flooded with springtime light
that she felt as if she must flute and sing aloud herself and knew that
thrushes and robins and skylarks could not possibly help it. She ran
around the shrubs and paths towards the secret garden.

“It is all different already,” she said. “The grass is greener and
things are sticking up everywhere and things are uncurling and green
buds of leaves are showing. This afternoon I am sure Dickon will come.”

The long warm rain had done strange things to the herbaceous beds which
bordered the walk by the lower wall. There were things sprouting and
pushing out from the roots of clumps of plants and there were actually
here and there glimpses of royal purple and yellow unfurling among the
stems of crocuses. Six months before Mistress Mary would not have seen
how the world was waking up, but now she missed nothing.

When she had reached the place where the door hid itself under the ivy,
she was startled by a curious loud sound. It was the caw—caw of a crow
and it came from the top of the wall, and when she looked up, there sat
a big glossy-plumaged blue-black bird, looking down at her very wisely
indeed. She had never seen a crow so close before and he made her a
little nervous, but the next moment he spread his wings and flapped
away across the garden. She hoped he was not going to stay inside and
she pushed the door open wondering if he would. When she got fairly
into the garden she saw that he probably did intend to stay because he
had alighted on a dwarf apple-tree and under the apple-tree was lying a
little reddish animal with a Bushy tail, and both of them were watching
the stooping body and rust-red head of Dickon, who was kneeling on the
grass working hard.

Mary flew across the grass to him.

“Oh, Dickon! Dickon!” she cried out. “How could you get here so early!
How could you! The sun has only just got up!”

He got up himself, laughing and glowing, and tousled; his eyes like a
bit of the sky.

“Eh!” he said. “I was up long before him. How could I have stayed abed!
Th’ world’s all fair begun again this mornin’, it has. An’ it’s workin’
an’ hummin’ an’ scratchin’ an’ pipin’ an’ nest-buildin’ an’ breathin’
out scents, till you’ve got to be out on it ’stead o’ lyin’ on your
back. When th’ sun did jump up, th’ moor went mad for joy, an’ I was in
the midst of th’ heather, an’ I run like mad myself, shoutin’ an’
singin’. An’ I come straight here. I couldn’t have stayed away. Why,
th’ garden was lyin’ here waitin’!”

Mary put her hands on her chest, panting, as if she had been running
herself.

“Oh, Dickon! Dickon!” she said. “I’m so happy I can scarcely breathe!”

Seeing him talking to a stranger, the little bushy-tailed animal rose
from its place under the tree and came to him, and the rook, cawing
once, flew down from its branch and settled quietly on his shoulder.

“This is th’ little fox cub,” he said, rubbing the little reddish
animal’s head. “It’s named Captain. An’ this here’s Soot. Soot he flew
across th’ moor with me an’ Captain he run same as if th’ hounds had
been after him. They both felt same as I did.”

Neither of the creatures looked as if he were the least afraid of Mary.
When Dickon began to walk about, Soot stayed on his shoulder and
Captain trotted quietly close to his side.

“See here!” said Dickon. “See how these has pushed up, an’ these an’
these! An’ Eh! Look at these here!”

He threw himself upon his knees and Mary went down beside him. They had
come upon a whole clump of crocuses burst into purple and orange and
gold. Mary bent her face down and kissed and kissed them.

“You never kiss a person in that way,” she said when she lifted her
head. “Flowers are so different.”

He looked puzzled but smiled.

“Eh!” he said, “I’ve kissed mother many a time that way when I come in
from th’ moor after a day’s roamin’ an’ she stood there at th’ door in
th’ sun, lookin’ so glad an’ comfortable.”

They ran from one part of the garden to another and found so many
wonders that they were obliged to remind themselves that they must
whisper or speak low. He showed her swelling leafbuds on rose branches
which had seemed dead. He showed her ten thousand new green points
pushing through the mould. They put their eager young noses close to
the earth and sniffed its warmed springtime breathing; they dug and
pulled and laughed low with rapture until Mistress Mary’s hair was as
tumbled as Dickon’s and her cheeks were almost as poppy red as his.

There was every joy on earth in the secret garden that morning, and in
the midst of them came a delight more delightful than all, because it
was more wonderful. Swiftly something flew across the wall and darted
through the trees to a close grown corner, a little flare of
red-breasted bird with something hanging from its beak. Dickon stood
quite still and put his hand on Mary almost as if they had suddenly
found themselves laughing in a church.

“We munnot stir,” he whispered in broad Yorkshire. “We munnot scarce
breathe. I knowed he was mate-huntin’ when I seed him last. It’s Ben
Weatherstaff’s robin. He’s buildin’ his nest. He’ll stay here if us
don’t flight him.”

They settled down softly upon the grass and sat there without moving.

“Us mustn’t seem as if us was watchin’ him too close,” said Dickon.
“He’d be out with us for good if he got th’ notion us was interferin’
now. He’ll be a good bit different till all this is over. He’s settin’
up housekeepin’. He’ll be shyer an’ readier to take things ill. He’s
got no time for visitin’ an’ gossipin’. Us must keep still a bit an’
try to look as if us was grass an’ trees an’ bushes. Then when he’s got
used to seein’ us I’ll chirp a bit an’ he’ll know us’ll not be in his
way.”

Mistress Mary was not at all sure that she knew, as Dickon seemed to,
how to try to look like grass and trees and bushes. But he had said the
queer thing as if it were the simplest and most natural thing in the
world, and she felt it must be quite easy to him, and indeed she
watched him for a few minutes carefully, wondering if it was possible
for him to quietly turn green and put out branches and leaves. But he
only sat wonderfully still, and when he spoke dropped his voice to such
a softness that it was curious that she could hear him, but she could.

“It’s part o’ th’ springtime, this nest-buildin’ is,” he said. “I
warrant it’s been goin’ on in th’ same way every year since th’ world
was begun. They’ve got their way o’ thinkin’ and doin’ things an’ a
body had better not meddle. You can lose a friend in springtime easier
than any other season if you’re too curious.”

“If we talk about him I can’t help looking at him,” Mary said as softly
as possible. “We must talk of something else. There is something I want
to tell you.”

“He’ll like it better if us talks o’ somethin’ else,” said Dickon.
“What is it tha’s got to tell me?”

“Well—do you know about Colin?” she whispered.

He turned his head to look at her.

“What does tha’ know about him?” he asked.

“I’ve seen him. I have been to talk to him every day this week. He
wants me to come. He says I’m making him forget about being ill and
dying,” answered Mary.

Dickon looked actually relieved as soon as the surprise died away from
his round face.

“I am glad o’ that,” he exclaimed. “I’m right down glad. It makes me
easier. I knowed I must say nothin’ about him an’ I don’t like havin’
to hide things.”

“Don’t you like hiding the garden?” said Mary.

“I’ll never tell about it,” he answered. “But I says to mother,
‘Mother,’ I says, ‘I got a secret to keep. It’s not a bad ’un, tha’
knows that. It’s no worse than hidin’ where a bird’s nest is. Tha’
doesn’t mind it, does tha’?’”

Mary always wanted to hear about mother.

“What did she say?” she asked, not at all afraid to hear.

Dickon grinned sweet-temperedly.

“It was just like her, what she said,” he answered. “She give my head a
bit of a rub an’ laughed an’ she says, ‘Eh, lad, tha’ can have all th’
secrets tha’ likes. I’ve knowed thee twelve year’.’”

“How did you know about Colin?” asked Mary.

“Everybody as knowed about Mester Craven knowed there was a little lad
as was like to be a cripple, an’ they knowed Mester Craven didn’t like
him to be talked about. Folks is sorry for Mester Craven because Mrs.
Craven was such a pretty young lady an’ they was so fond of each other.
Mrs. Medlock stops in our cottage whenever she goes to Thwaite an’ she
doesn’t mind talkin’ to mother before us children, because she knows us
has been brought up to be trusty. How did tha’ find out about him?
Martha was in fine trouble th’ last time she came home. She said tha’d
heard him frettin’ an’ tha’ was askin’ questions an’ she didn’t know
what to say.”

Mary told him her story about the midnight wuthering of the wind which
had wakened her and about the faint far-off sounds of the complaining
voice which had led her down the dark corridors with her candle and had
ended with her opening of the door of the dimly lighted room with the
carven four-posted bed in the corner. When she described the small
ivory-white face and the strange black-rimmed eyes Dickon shook his
head.

“Them’s just like his mother’s eyes, only hers was always laughin’,
they say,” he said. “They say as Mr. Craven can’t bear to see him when
he’s awake an’ it’s because his eyes is so like his mother’s an’ yet
looks so different in his miserable bit of a face.”

“Do you think he wants to die?” whispered Mary.

“No, but he wishes he’d never been born. Mother she says that’s th’
worst thing on earth for a child. Them as is not wanted scarce ever
thrives. Mester Craven he’d buy anythin’ as money could buy for th’
poor lad but he’d like to forget as he’s on earth. For one thing, he’s
afraid he’ll look at him some day and find he’s growed hunchback.”

“Colin’s so afraid of it himself that he won’t sit up,” said Mary. “He
says he’s always thinking that if he should feel a lump coming he
should go crazy and scream himself to death.”

“Eh! he oughtn’t to lie there thinkin’ things like that,” said Dickon.
“No lad could get well as thought them sort o’ things.”

The fox was lying on the grass close by him, looking up to ask for a
pat now and then, and Dickon bent down and rubbed his neck softly and
thought a few minutes in silence. Presently he lifted his head and
looked round the garden.

“When first we got in here,” he said, “it seemed like everything was
gray. Look round now and tell me if tha’ doesn’t see a difference.”

Mary looked and caught her breath a little.

“Why!” she cried, “the gray wall is changing. It is as if a green mist
were creeping over it. It’s almost like a green gauze veil.”

“Aye,” said Dickon. “An’ it’ll be greener and greener till th’ gray’s
all gone. Can tha’ guess what I was thinkin’?”

“I know it was something nice,” said Mary eagerly. “I believe it was
something about Colin.”

“I was thinkin’ that if he was out here he wouldn’t be watchin’ for
lumps to grow on his back; he’d be watchin’ for buds to break on th’
rose-bushes, an’ he’d likely be healthier,” explained Dickon. “I was
wonderin’ if us could ever get him in th’ humor to come out here an’
lie under th’ trees in his carriage.”

“I’ve been wondering that myself. I’ve thought of it almost every time
I’ve talked to him,” said Mary. “I’ve wondered if he could keep a
secret and I’ve wondered if we could bring him here without anyone
seeing us. I thought perhaps you could push his carriage. The doctor
said he must have fresh air and if he wants us to take him out no one
dare disobey him. He won’t go out for other people and perhaps they
will be glad if he will go out with us. He could order the gardeners to
keep away so they wouldn’t find out.”

Dickon was thinking very hard as he scratched Captain’s back.

“It’d be good for him, I’ll warrant,” he said. “Us’d not be thinkin’
he’d better never been born. Us’d be just two children watchin’ a
garden grow, an’ he’d be another. Two lads an’ a little lass just
lookin’ on at th’ springtime. I warrant it’d be better than doctor’s
stuff.”

“He’s been lying in his room so long and he’s always been so afraid of
his back that it has made him queer,” said Mary. “He knows a good many
things out of books but he doesn’t know anything else. He says he has
been too ill to notice things and he hates going out of doors and hates
gardens and gardeners. But he likes to hear about this garden because
it is a secret. I daren’t tell him much but he said he wanted to see
it.”

“Us’ll have him out here sometime for sure,” said Dickon. “I could push
his carriage well enough. Has tha’ noticed how th’ robin an’ his mate
has been workin’ while we’ve been sittin’ here? Look at him perched on
that branch wonderin’ where it’d be best to put that twig he’s got in
his beak.”

He made one of his low whistling calls and the robin turned his head
and looked at him inquiringly, still holding his twig. Dickon spoke to
him as Ben Weatherstaff did, but Dickon’s tone was one of friendly
advice.

“Wheres’ever tha’ puts it,” he said, “it’ll be all right. Tha’ knew how
to build tha’ nest before tha’ came out o’ th’ egg. Get on with thee,
lad. Tha’st got no time to lose.”

“Oh, I do like to hear you talk to him!” Mary said, laughing
delightedly. “Ben Weatherstaff scolds him and makes fun of him, and he
hops about and looks as if he understood every word, and I know he
likes it. Ben Weatherstaff says he is so conceited he would rather have
stones thrown at him than not be noticed.”

Dickon laughed too and went on talking.

“Tha’ knows us won’t trouble thee,” he said to the robin. “Us is near
bein’ wild things ourselves. Us is nest-buildin’ too, bless thee. Look
out tha’ doesn’t tell on us.”

And though the robin did not answer, because his beak was occupied,
Mary knew that when he flew away with his twig to his own corner of the
garden the darkness of his dew-bright eye meant that he would not tell
their secret for the world.




CHAPTER XVI.
“I WON’T!” SAID MARY


They found a great deal to do that morning and Mary was late in
returning to the house and was also in such a hurry to get back to her
work that she quite forgot Colin until the last moment.

“Tell Colin that I can’t come and see him yet,” she said to Martha.
“I’m very busy in the garden.”

Martha looked rather frightened.

“Eh! Miss Mary,” she said, “it may put him all out of humor when I tell
him that.”

But Mary was not as afraid of him as other people were and she was not
a self-sacrificing person.

“I can’t stay,” she answered. “Dickon’s waiting for me;” and she ran
away.

The afternoon was even lovelier and busier than the morning had been.
Already nearly all the weeds were cleared out of the garden and most of
the roses and trees had been pruned or dug about. Dickon had brought a
spade of his own and he had taught Mary to use all her tools, so that
by this time it was plain that though the lovely wild place was not
likely to become a “gardener’s garden” it would be a wilderness of
growing things before the springtime was over.

“There’ll be apple blossoms an’ cherry blossoms overhead,” Dickon said,
working away with all his might. “An’ there’ll be peach an’ plum trees
in bloom against th’ walls, an’ th’ grass’ll be a carpet o’ flowers.”

The little fox and the rook were as happy and busy as they were, and
the robin and his mate flew backward and forward like tiny streaks of
lightning. Sometimes the rook flapped his black wings and soared away
over the tree-tops in the park. Each time he came back and perched near
Dickon and cawed several times as if he were relating his adventures,
and Dickon talked to him just as he had talked to the robin. Once when
Dickon was so busy that he did not answer him at first, Soot flew on to
his shoulders and gently tweaked his ear with his large beak. When Mary
wanted to rest a little Dickon sat down with her under a tree and once
he took his pipe out of his pocket and played the soft strange little
notes and two squirrels appeared on the wall and looked and listened.

“Tha’s a good bit stronger than tha’ was,” Dickon said, looking at her
as she was digging. “Tha’s beginning to look different, for sure.”

Mary was glowing with exercise and good spirits.

“I’m getting fatter and fatter every day,” she said quite exultantly.
“Mrs. Medlock will have to get me some bigger dresses. Martha says my
hair is growing thicker. It isn’t so flat and stringy.”

The sun was beginning to set and sending deep gold-colored rays
slanting under the trees when they parted.

“It’ll be fine tomorrow,” said Dickon. “I’ll be at work by sunrise.”

“So will I,” said Mary.

She ran back to the house as quickly as her feet would carry her. She
wanted to tell Colin about Dickon’s fox cub and the rook and about what
the springtime had been doing. She felt sure he would like to hear. So
it was not very pleasant when she opened the door of her room, to see
Martha standing waiting for her with a doleful face.

“What is the matter?” she asked. “What did Colin say when you told him
I couldn’t come?”

“Eh!” said Martha, “I wish tha’d gone. He was nigh goin’ into one o’
his tantrums. There’s been a nice to do all afternoon to keep him
quiet. He would watch the clock all th’ time.”

Mary’s lips pinched themselves together. She was no more used to
considering other people than Colin was and she saw no reason why an
ill-tempered boy should interfere with the thing she liked best. She
knew nothing about the pitifulness of people who had been ill and
nervous and who did not know that they could control their tempers and
need not make other people ill and nervous, too. When she had had a
headache in India she had done her best to see that everybody else also
had a headache or something quite as bad. And she felt she was quite
right; but of course now she felt that Colin was quite wrong.

He was not on his sofa when she went into his room. He was lying flat
on his back in bed and he did not turn his head toward her as she came
in. This was a bad beginning and Mary marched up to him with her stiff
manner.

“Why didn’t you get up?” she said.

“I did get up this morning when I thought you were coming,” he
answered, without looking at her. “I made them put me back in bed this
afternoon. My back ached and my head ached and I was tired. Why didn’t
you come?”

“I was working in the garden with Dickon,” said Mary.

Colin frowned and condescended to look at her.

“I won’t let that boy come here if you go and stay with him instead of
coming to talk to me,” he said.

Mary flew into a fine passion. She could fly into a passion without
making a noise. She just grew sour and obstinate and did not care what
happened.

“If you send Dickon away, I’ll never come into this room again!” she
retorted.

“You’ll have to if I want you,” said Colin.

“I won’t!” said Mary.

“I’ll make you,” said Colin. “They shall drag you in.”

“Shall they, Mr. Rajah!” said Mary fiercely. “They may drag me in but
they can’t make me talk when they get me here. I’ll sit and clench my
teeth and never tell you one thing. I won’t even look at you. I’ll
stare at the floor!”

They were a nice agreeable pair as they glared at each other. If they
had been two little street boys they would have sprung at each other
and had a rough-and-tumble fight. As it was, they did the next thing to
it.

“You are a selfish thing!” cried Colin.

“What are you?” said Mary. “Selfish people always say that. Anyone is
selfish who doesn’t do what they want. You’re more selfish than I am.
You’re the most selfish boy I ever saw.”

“I’m not!” snapped Colin. “I’m not as selfish as your fine Dickon is!
He keeps you playing in the dirt when he knows I am all by myself. He’s
selfish, if you like!”

Mary’s eyes flashed fire.

“He’s nicer than any other boy that ever lived!” she said. “He’s—he’s
like an angel!” It might sound rather silly to say that but she did not
care.

“A nice angel!” Colin sneered ferociously. “He’s a common cottage boy
off the moor!”

“He’s better than a common Rajah!” retorted Mary. “He’s a thousand
times better!”

Because she was the stronger of the two she was beginning to get the
better of him. The truth was that he had never had a fight with anyone
like himself in his life and, upon the whole, it was rather good for
him, though neither he nor Mary knew anything about that. He turned his
head on his pillow and shut his eyes and a big tear was squeezed out
and ran down his cheek. He was beginning to feel pathetic and sorry for
himself—not for anyone else.

“I’m not as selfish as you, because I’m always ill, and I’m sure there
is a lump coming on my back,” he said. “And I am going to die besides.”

“You’re not!” contradicted Mary unsympathetically.

He opened his eyes quite wide with indignation. He had never heard such
a thing said before. He was at once furious and slightly pleased, if a
person could be both at one time.

“I’m not?” he cried. “I am! You know I am! Everybody says so.”

“I don’t believe it!” said Mary sourly. “You just say that to make
people sorry. I believe you’re proud of it. I don’t believe it! If you
were a nice boy it might be true—but you’re too nasty!”

In spite of his invalid back Colin sat up in bed in quite a healthy
rage.

“Get out of the room!” he shouted and he caught hold of his pillow and
threw it at her. He was not strong enough to throw it far and it only
fell at her feet, but Mary’s face looked as pinched as a nutcracker.

“I’m going,” she said. “And I won’t come back!”

She walked to the door and when she reached it she turned round and
spoke again.

“I was going to tell you all sorts of nice things,” she said. “Dickon
brought his fox and his rook and I was going to tell you all about
them. Now I won’t tell you a single thing!”

She marched out of the door and closed it behind her, and there to her
great astonishment she found the trained nurse standing as if she had
been listening and, more amazing still—she was laughing. She was a big
handsome young woman who ought not to have been a trained nurse at all,
as she could not bear invalids and she was always making excuses to
leave Colin to Martha or anyone else who would take her place. Mary had
never liked her, and she simply stood and gazed up at her as she stood
giggling into her handkerchief..

“What are you laughing at?” she asked her.

“At you two young ones,” said the nurse. “It’s the best thing that
could happen to the sickly pampered thing to have someone to stand up
to him that’s as spoiled as himself;” and she laughed into her
handkerchief again. “If he’d had a young vixen of a sister to fight
with it would have been the saving of him.”

“Is he going to die?”

“I don’t know and I don’t care,” said the nurse. “Hysterics and temper
are half what ails him.”

“What are hysterics?” asked Mary.

“You’ll find out if you work him into a tantrum after this—but at any
rate you’ve given him something to have hysterics about, and I’m glad
of it.”

Mary went back to her room not feeling at all as she had felt when she
had come in from the garden. She was cross and disappointed but not at
all sorry for Colin. She had looked forward to telling him a great many
things and she had meant to try to make up her mind whether it would be
safe to trust him with the great secret. She had been beginning to
think it would be, but now she had changed her mind entirely. She would
never tell him and he could stay in his room and never get any fresh
air and die if he liked! It would serve him right! She felt so sour and
unrelenting that for a few minutes she almost forgot about Dickon and
the green veil creeping over the world and the soft wind blowing down
from the moor.

Martha was waiting for her and the trouble in her face had been
temporarily replaced by interest and curiosity. There was a wooden box
on the table and its cover had been removed and revealed that it was
full of neat packages.

“Mr. Craven sent it to you,” said Martha. “It looks as if it had
picture-books in it.”

Mary remembered what he had asked her the day she had gone to his room.
“Do you want anything—dolls—toys—books?” She opened the package
wondering if he had sent a doll, and also wondering what she should do
with it if he had. But he had not sent one. There were several
beautiful books such as Colin had, and two of them were about gardens
and were full of pictures. There were two or three games and there was
a beautiful little writing-case with a gold monogram on it and a gold
pen and inkstand.

Everything was so nice that her pleasure began to crowd her anger out
of her mind. She had not expected him to remember her at all and her
hard little heart grew quite warm.

“I can write better than I can print,” she said, “and the first thing I
shall write with that pen will be a letter to tell him I am much
obliged.”

If she had been friends with Colin she would have run to show him her
presents at once, and they would have looked at the pictures and read
some of the gardening books and perhaps tried playing the games, and he
would have enjoyed himself so much he would never once have thought he
was going to die or have put his hand on his spine to see if there was
a lump coming. He had a way of doing that which she could not bear. It
gave her an uncomfortable frightened feeling because he always looked
so frightened himself. He said that if he felt even quite a little lump
some day he should know his hunch had begun to grow. Something he had
heard Mrs. Medlock whispering to the nurse had given him the idea and
he had thought over it in secret until it was quite firmly fixed in his
mind. Mrs. Medlock had said his father’s back had begun to show its
crookedness in that way when he was a child. He had never told anyone
but Mary that most of his “tantrums” as they called them grew out of
his hysterical hidden fear. Mary had been sorry for him when he had
told her.

“He always began to think about it when he was cross or tired,” she
said to herself. “And he has been cross today. Perhaps—perhaps he has
been thinking about it all afternoon.”

She stood still, looking down at the carpet and thinking.

“I said I would never go back again—” she hesitated, knitting her
brows—“but perhaps, just perhaps, I will go and see—if he wants me—in
the morning. Perhaps he’ll try to throw his pillow at me again, but—I
think—I’ll go.”




CHAPTER XVII.
A TANTRUM


She had got up very early in the morning and had worked hard in the
garden and she was tired and sleepy, so as soon as Martha had brought
her supper and she had eaten it, she was glad to go to bed. As she laid
her head on the pillow she murmured to herself:

“I’ll go out before breakfast and work with Dickon and then afterward—I
believe—I’ll go to see him.”

She thought it was the middle of the night when she was awakened by
such dreadful sounds that she jumped out of bed in an instant. What was
it—what was it? The next minute she felt quite sure she knew. Doors
were opened and shut and there were hurrying feet in the corridors and
someone was crying and screaming at the same time, screaming and crying
in a horrible way.

“It’s Colin,” she said. “He’s having one of those tantrums the nurse
called hysterics. How awful it sounds.”

As she listened to the sobbing screams she did not wonder that people
were so frightened that they gave him his own way in everything rather
than hear them. She put her hands over her ears and felt sick and
shivering.

“I don’t know what to do. I don’t know what to do,” she kept saying. “I
can’t bear it.”

Once she wondered if he would stop if she dared go to him and then she
remembered how he had driven her out of the room and thought that
perhaps the sight of her might make him worse. Even when she pressed
her hands more tightly over her ears she could not keep the awful
sounds out. She hated them so and was so terrified by them that
suddenly they began to make her angry and she felt as if she should
like to fly into a tantrum herself and frighten him as he was
frightening her. She was not used to anyone’s tempers but her own. She
took her hands from her ears and sprang up and stamped her foot.

“He ought to be stopped! Somebody ought to make him stop! Somebody
ought to beat him!” she cried out.

Just then she heard feet almost running down the corridor and her door
opened and the nurse came in. She was not laughing now by any means.
She even looked rather pale.

“He’s worked himself into hysterics,” she said in a great hurry. “He’ll
do himself harm. No one can do anything with him. You come and try,
like a good child. He likes you.”

“He turned me out of the room this morning,” said Mary, stamping her
foot with excitement.

The stamp rather pleased the nurse. The truth was that she had been
afraid she might find Mary crying and hiding her head under the
bed-clothes.

“That’s right,” she said. “You’re in the right humor. You go and scold
him. Give him something new to think of. Do go, child, as quick as ever
you can.”

It was not until afterward that Mary realized that the thing had been
funny as well as dreadful—that it was funny that all the grown-up
people were so frightened that they came to a little girl just because
they guessed she was almost as bad as Colin himself.

She flew along the corridor and the nearer she got to the screams the
higher her temper mounted. She felt quite wicked by the time she
reached the door. She slapped it open with her hand and ran across the
room to the four-posted bed.

“You stop!” she almost shouted. “You stop! I hate you! Everybody hates
you! I wish everybody would run out of the house and let you scream
yourself to death! You _will_ scream yourself to death in a minute, and
I wish you would!”

A nice sympathetic child could neither have thought nor said such
things, but it just happened that the shock of hearing them was the
best possible thing for this hysterical boy whom no one had ever dared
to restrain or contradict.

He had been lying on his face beating his pillow with his hands and he
actually almost jumped around, he turned so quickly at the sound of the
furious little voice. His face looked dreadful, white and red and
swollen, and he was gasping and choking; but savage little Mary did not
care an atom.

“If you scream another scream,” she said, “I’ll scream too—and I can
scream louder than you can and I’ll frighten you, I’ll frighten you!”

He actually had stopped screaming because she had startled him so. The
scream which had been coming almost choked him. The tears were
streaming down his face and he shook all over.

“I can’t stop!” he gasped and sobbed. “I can’t—I can’t!”

“You can!” shouted Mary. “Half that ails you is hysterics and
temper—just hysterics—hysterics—hysterics!” and she stamped each time
she said it.

“I felt the lump—I felt it,” choked out Colin. “I knew I should. I
shall have a hunch on my back and then I shall die,” and he began to
writhe again and turned on his face and sobbed and wailed but he didn’t
scream.

“You didn’t feel a lump!” contradicted Mary fiercely. “If you did it
was only a hysterical lump. Hysterics makes lumps. There’s nothing the
matter with your horrid back—nothing but hysterics! Turn over and let
me look at it!”

She liked the word “hysterics” and felt somehow as if it had an effect
on him. He was probably like herself and had never heard it before.

“Nurse,” she commanded, “come here and show me his back this minute!”

The nurse, Mrs. Medlock and Martha had been standing huddled together
near the door staring at her, their mouths half open. All three had
gasped with fright more than once. The nurse came forward as if she
were half afraid. Colin was heaving with great breathless sobs.

“Perhaps he—he won’t let me,” she hesitated in a low voice.

Colin heard her, however, and he gasped out between two sobs:

“Sh-show her! She-she’ll see then!”

It was a poor thin back to look at when it was bared. Every rib could
be counted and every joint of the spine, though Mistress Mary did not
count them as she bent over and examined them with a solemn savage
little face. She looked so sour and old-fashioned that the nurse turned
her head aside to hide the twitching of her mouth. There was just a
minute’s silence, for even Colin tried to hold his breath while Mary
looked up and down his spine, and down and up, as intently as if she
had been the great doctor from London.

“There’s not a single lump there!” she said at last. “There’s not a
lump as big as a pin—except backbone lumps, and you can only feel them
because you’re thin. I’ve got backbone lumps myself, and they used to
stick out as much as yours do, until I began to get fatter, and I am
not fat enough yet to hide them. There’s not a lump as big as a pin! If
you ever say there is again, I shall laugh!”

No one but Colin himself knew what effect those crossly spoken childish
words had on him. If he had ever had anyone to talk to about his secret
terrors—if he had ever dared to let himself ask questions—if he had had
childish companions and had not lain on his back in the huge closed
house, breathing an atmosphere heavy with the fears of people who were
most of them ignorant and tired of him, he would have found out that
most of his fright and illness was created by himself. But he had lain
and thought of himself and his aches and weariness for hours and days
and months and years. And now that an angry unsympathetic little girl
insisted obstinately that he was not as ill as he thought he was he
actually felt as if she might be speaking the truth.

“I didn’t know,” ventured the nurse, “that he thought he had a lump on
his spine. His back is weak because he won’t try to sit up. I could
have told him there was no lump there.” Colin gulped and turned his
face a little to look at her.

“C-could you?” he said pathetically.

“Yes, sir.”

“There!” said Mary, and she gulped too.

Colin turned on his face again and but for his long-drawn broken
breaths, which were the dying down of his storm of sobbing, he lay
still for a minute, though great tears streamed down his face and wet
the pillow. Actually the tears meant that a curious great relief had
come to him. Presently he turned and looked at the nurse again and
strangely enough he was not like a Rajah at all as he spoke to her.

“Do you think—I could—live to grow up?” he said.

The nurse was neither clever nor soft-hearted but she could repeat some
of the London doctor’s words.

“You probably will if you will do what you are told to do and not give
way to your temper, and stay out a great deal in the fresh air.”

Colin’s tantrum had passed and he was weak and worn out with crying and
this perhaps made him feel gentle. He put out his hand a little toward
Mary, and I am glad to say that, her own tantum having passed, she was
softened too and met him half-way with her hand, so that it was a sort
of making up.

“I’ll—I’ll go out with you, Mary,” he said. “I shan’t hate fresh air if
we can find—” He remembered just in time to stop himself from saying
“if we can find the secret garden” and he ended, “I shall like to go
out with you if Dickon will come and push my chair. I do so want to see
Dickon and the fox and the crow.”

The nurse remade the tumbled bed and shook and straightened the
pillows. Then she made Colin a cup of beef tea and gave a cup to Mary,
who really was very glad to get it after her excitement. Mrs. Medlock
and Martha gladly slipped away, and after everything was neat and calm
and in order the nurse looked as if she would very gladly slip away
also. She was a healthy young woman who resented being robbed of her
sleep and she yawned quite openly as she looked at Mary, who had pushed
her big footstool close to the four-posted bed and was holding Colin’s
hand.

“You must go back and get your sleep out,” she said. “He’ll drop off
after a while—if he’s not too upset. Then I’ll lie down myself in the
next room.”

“Would you like me to sing you that song I learned from my Ayah?” Mary
whispered to Colin.

His hand pulled hers gently and he turned his tired eyes on her
appealingly.

“Oh, yes!” he answered. “It’s such a soft song. I shall go to sleep in
a minute.”

“I will put him to sleep,” Mary said to the yawning nurse. “You can go
if you like.”

“Well,” said the nurse, with an attempt at reluctance. “If he doesn’t
go to sleep in half an hour you must call me.”

“Very well,” answered Mary.

The nurse was out of the room in a minute and as soon as she was gone
Colin pulled Mary’s hand again.

“I almost told,” he said; “but I stopped myself in time. I won’t talk
and I’ll go to sleep, but you said you had a whole lot of nice things
to tell me. Have you—do you think you have found out anything at all
about the way into the secret garden?”

Mary looked at his poor little tired face and swollen eyes and her
heart relented.

“Ye-es,” she answered, “I think I have. And if you will go to sleep I
will tell you tomorrow.” His hand quite trembled.

“Oh, Mary!” he said. “Oh, Mary! If I could get into it I think I should
live to grow up! Do you suppose that instead of singing the Ayah
song—you could just tell me softly as you did that first day what you
imagine it looks like inside? I am sure it will make me go to sleep.”

“Yes,” answered Mary. “Shut your eyes.”

He closed his eyes and lay quite still and she held his hand and began
to speak very slowly and in a very low voice.

“I think it has been left alone so long—that it has grown all into a
lovely tangle. I think the roses have climbed and climbed and climbed
until they hang from the branches and walls and creep over the
ground—almost like a strange gray mist. Some of them have died but
many—are alive and when the summer comes there will be curtains and
fountains of roses. I think the ground is full of daffodils and
snowdrops and lilies and iris working their way out of the dark. Now
the spring has begun—perhaps—perhaps—”

The soft drone of her voice was making him stiller and stiller and she
saw it and went on.

“Perhaps they are coming up through the grass—perhaps there are
clusters of purple crocuses and gold ones—even now. Perhaps the leaves
are beginning to break out and uncurl—and perhaps—the gray is changing
and a green gauze veil is creeping—and creeping over—everything. And
the birds are coming to look at it—because it is—so safe and still. And
perhaps—perhaps—perhaps—” very softly and slowly indeed, “the robin has
found a mate—and is building a nest.”

And Colin was asleep.




CHAPTER XVIII.
“THA’ MUNNOT WASTE NO TIME”


Of course Mary did not waken early the next morning. She slept late
because she was tired, and when Martha brought her breakfast she told
her that though Colin was quite quiet he was ill and feverish as he
always was after he had worn himself out with a fit of crying. Mary ate
her breakfast slowly as she listened.

“He says he wishes tha’ would please go and see him as soon as tha’
can,” Martha said. “It’s queer what a fancy he’s took to thee. Tha’ did
give it him last night for sure—didn’t tha? Nobody else would have
dared to do it. Eh! poor lad! He’s been spoiled till salt won’t save
him. Mother says as th’ two worst things as can happen to a child is
never to have his own way—or always to have it. She doesn’t know which
is th’ worst. Tha’ was in a fine temper tha’self, too. But he says to
me when I went into his room, ‘Please ask Miss Mary if she’ll please
come an’ talk to me?’ Think o’ him saying please! Will you go, Miss?”

“I’ll run and see Dickon first,” said Mary. “No, I’ll go and see Colin
first and tell him—I know what I’ll tell him,” with a sudden
inspiration.

She had her hat on when she appeared in Colin’s room and for a second
he looked disappointed. He was in bed. His face was pitifully white and
there were dark circles round his eyes.

“I’m glad you came,” he said. “My head aches and I ache all over
because I’m so tired. Are you going somewhere?”

Mary went and leaned against his bed.

“I won’t be long,” she said. “I’m going to Dickon, but I’ll come back.
Colin, it’s—it’s something about the garden.”

His whole face brightened and a little color came into it.

“Oh! is it?” he cried out. “I dreamed about it all night. I heard you
say something about gray changing into green, and I dreamed I was
standing in a place all filled with trembling little green leaves—and
there were birds on nests everywhere and they looked so soft and still.
I’ll lie and think about it until you come back.”

In five minutes Mary was with Dickon in their garden. The fox and the
crow were with him again and this time he had brought two tame
squirrels.

“I came over on the pony this mornin’,” he said. “Eh! he is a good
little chap—Jump is! I brought these two in my pockets. This here one
he’s called Nut an’ this here other one’s called Shell.”

When he said “Nut” one squirrel leaped on to his right shoulder and
when he said “Shell” the other one leaped on to his left shoulder.

When they sat down on the grass with Captain curled at their feet, Soot
solemnly listening on a tree and Nut and Shell nosing about close to
them, it seemed to Mary that it would be scarcely bearable to leave
such delightfulness, but when she began to tell her story somehow the
look in Dickon’s funny face gradually changed her mind. She could see
he felt sorrier for Colin than she did. He looked up at the sky and all
about him.

“Just listen to them birds—th’ world seems full of ’em—all whistlin’
an’ pipin’,” he said. “Look at ’em dartin’ about, an’ hearken at ’em
callin’ to each other. Come springtime seems like as if all th’ world’s
callin’. The leaves is uncurlin’ so you can see ’em—an’, my word, th’
nice smells there is about!” sniffing with his happy turned-up nose.
“An’ that poor lad lyin’ shut up an’ seein’ so little that he gets to
thinkin’ o’ things as sets him screamin’. Eh! my! we mun get him out
here—we mun get him watchin’ an listenin’ an’ sniffin’ up th’ air an’
get him just soaked through wi’ sunshine. An’ we munnot lose no time
about it.”

When he was very much interested he often spoke quite broad Yorkshire
though at other times he tried to modify his dialect so that Mary could
better understand. But she loved his broad Yorkshire and had in fact
been trying to learn to speak it herself. So she spoke a little now.

“Aye, that we mun,” she said (which meant “Yes, indeed, we must”).
“I’ll tell thee what us’ll do first,” she proceeded, and Dickon
grinned, because when the little wench tried to twist her tongue into
speaking Yorkshire it amused him very much. “He’s took a graidely fancy
to thee. He wants to see thee and he wants to see Soot an’ Captain.
When I go back to the house to talk to him I’ll ax him if tha’ canna’
come an’ see him tomorrow mornin’—an’ bring tha’ creatures wi’ thee—an’
then—in a bit, when there’s more leaves out, an’ happen a bud or two,
we’ll get him to come out an’ tha’ shall push him in his chair an’
we’ll bring him here an’ show him everything.”

When she stopped she was quite proud of herself. She had never made a
long speech in Yorkshire before and she had remembered very well.

“Tha’ mun talk a bit o’ Yorkshire like that to Mester Colin,” Dickon
chuckled. “Tha’ll make him laugh an’ there’s nowt as good for ill folk
as laughin’ is. Mother says she believes as half a hour’s good laugh
every mornin’ ’ud cure a chap as was makin’ ready for typhus fever.”

“I’m going to talk Yorkshire to him this very day,” said Mary,
chuckling herself.

The garden had reached the time when every day and every night it
seemed as if Magicians were passing through it drawing loveliness out
of the earth and the boughs with wands. It was hard to go away and
leave it all, particularly as Nut had actually crept on to her dress
and Shell had scrambled down the trunk of the apple-tree they sat under
and stayed there looking at her with inquiring eyes. But she went back
to the house and when she sat down close to Colin’s bed he began to
sniff as Dickon did though not in such an experienced way.

“You smell like flowers and—and fresh things,” he cried out quite
joyously. “What is it you smell of? It’s cool and warm and sweet all at
the same time.”

“It’s th’ wind from th’ moor,” said Mary. “It comes o’ sittin’ on th’
grass under a tree wi’ Dickon an’ wi’ Captain an’ Soot an’ Nut an’
Shell. It’s th’ springtime an’ out o’ doors an’ sunshine as smells so
graidely.”

She said it as broadly as she could, and you do not know how broadly
Yorkshire sounds until you have heard someone speak it. Colin began to
laugh.

“What are you doing?” he said. “I never heard you talk like that
before. How funny it sounds.”

“I’m givin’ thee a bit o’ Yorkshire,” answered Mary triumphantly. “I
canna’ talk as graidely as Dickon an’ Martha can but tha’ sees I can
shape a bit. Doesn’t tha’ understand a bit o’ Yorkshire when tha’ hears
it? An’ tha’ a Yorkshire lad thysel’ bred an’ born! Eh! I wonder tha’rt
not ashamed o’ thy face.”

And then she began to laugh too and they both laughed until they could
not stop themselves and they laughed until the room echoed and Mrs.
Medlock opening the door to come in drew back into the corridor and
stood listening amazed.

“Well, upon my word!” she said, speaking rather broad Yorkshire herself
because there was no one to hear her and she was so astonished.
“Whoever heard th’ like! Whoever on earth would ha’ thought it!”

There was so much to talk about. It seemed as if Colin could never hear
enough of Dickon and Captain and Soot and Nut and Shell and the pony
whose name was Jump. Mary had run round into the wood with Dickon to
see Jump. He was a tiny little shaggy moor pony with thick locks
hanging over his eyes and with a pretty face and a nuzzling velvet
nose. He was rather thin with living on moor grass but he was as tough
and wiry as if the muscle in his little legs had been made of steel
springs. He had lifted his head and whinnied softly the moment he saw
Dickon and he had trotted up to him and put his head across his
shoulder and then Dickon had talked into his ear and Jump had talked
back in odd little whinnies and puffs and snorts. Dickon had made him
give Mary his small front hoof and kiss her on her cheek with his
velvet muzzle.

“Does he really understand everything Dickon says?” Colin asked.

“It seems as if he does,” answered Mary. “Dickon says anything will
understand if you’re friends with it for sure, but you have to be
friends for sure.”

Colin lay quiet a little while and his strange gray eyes seemed to be
staring at the wall, but Mary saw he was thinking.

“I wish I was friends with things,” he said at last, “but I’m not. I
never had anything to be friends with, and I can’t bear people.”

“Can’t you bear me?” asked Mary.

“Yes, I can,” he answered. “It’s funny but I even like you.”

“Ben Weatherstaff said I was like him,” said Mary. “He said he’d
warrant we’d both got the same nasty tempers. I think you are like him
too. We are all three alike—you and I and Ben Weatherstaff. He said we
were neither of us much to look at and we were as sour as we looked.
But I don’t feel as sour as I used to before I knew the robin and
Dickon.”

“Did you feel as if you hated people?”

“Yes,” answered Mary without any affectation. “I should have detested
you if I had seen you before I saw the robin and Dickon.”

Colin put out his thin hand and touched her.

“Mary,” he said, “I wish I hadn’t said what I did about sending Dickon
away. I hated you when you said he was like an angel and I laughed at
you but—but perhaps he is.”

“Well, it was rather funny to say it,” she admitted frankly, “because
his nose does turn up and he has a big mouth and his clothes have
patches all over them and he talks broad Yorkshire, but—but if an angel
did come to Yorkshire and live on the moor—if there was a Yorkshire
angel—I believe he’d understand the green things and know how to make
them grow and he would know how to talk to the wild creatures as Dickon
does and they’d know he was friends for sure.”

“I shouldn’t mind Dickon looking at me,” said Colin; “I want to see
him.”

“I’m glad you said that,” answered Mary, “because—because—”

Quite suddenly it came into her mind that this was the minute to tell
him. Colin knew something new was coming.

“Because what?” he cried eagerly.

Mary was so anxious that she got up from her stool and came to him and
caught hold of both his hands.

“Can I trust you? I trusted Dickon because birds trusted him. Can I
trust you—for sure—_for sure?_” she implored.

Her face was so solemn that he almost whispered his answer.

“Yes—yes!”

“Well, Dickon will come to see you tomorrow morning, and he’ll bring
his creatures with him.”

“Oh! Oh!” Colin cried out in delight.

“But that’s not all,” Mary went on, almost pale with solemn excitement.
“The rest is better. There is a door into the garden. I found it. It is
under the ivy on the wall.”

If he had been a strong healthy boy Colin would probably have shouted
“Hooray! Hooray! Hooray!” but he was weak and rather hysterical; his
eyes grew bigger and bigger and he gasped for breath.

“Oh! Mary!” he cried out with a half sob. “Shall I see it? Shall I get
into it? Shall I _live_ to get into it?” and he clutched her hands and
dragged her toward him.

“Of course you’ll see it!” snapped Mary indignantly. “Of course you’ll
live to get into it! Don’t be silly!”

And she was so un-hysterical and natural and childish that she brought
him to his senses and he began to laugh at himself and a few minutes
afterward she was sitting on her stool again telling him not what she
imagined the secret garden to be like but what it really was, and
Colin’s aches and tiredness were forgotten and he was listening
enraptured.

“It is just what you thought it would be,” he said at last. “It sounds
just as if you had really seen it. You know I said that when you told
me first.”

Mary hesitated about two minutes and then boldly spoke the truth.

“I had seen it—and I had been in,” she said. “I found the key and got
in weeks ago. But I daren’t tell you—I daren’t because I was so afraid
I couldn’t trust you—_for sure!_”




CHAPTER XIX.
“IT HAS COME!”


Of course Dr. Craven had been sent for the morning after Colin had had
his tantrum. He was always sent for at once when such a thing occurred
and he always found, when he arrived, a white shaken boy lying on his
bed, sulky and still so hysterical that he was ready to break into
fresh sobbing at the least word. In fact, Dr. Craven dreaded and
detested the difficulties of these visits. On this occasion he was away
from Misselthwaite Manor until afternoon.

“How is he?” he asked Mrs. Medlock rather irritably when he arrived.
“He will break a blood-vessel in one of those fits some day. The boy is
half insane with hysteria and self-indulgence.”

“Well, sir,” answered Mrs. Medlock, “you’ll scarcely believe your eyes
when you see him. That plain sour-faced child that’s almost as bad as
himself has just bewitched him. How she’s done it there’s no telling.
The Lord knows she’s nothing to look at and you scarcely ever hear her
speak, but she did what none of us dare do. She just flew at him like a
little cat last night, and stamped her feet and ordered him to stop
screaming, and somehow she startled him so that he actually did stop,
and this afternoon—well just come up and see, sir. It’s past
crediting.”

The scene which Dr. Craven beheld when he entered his patient’s room
was indeed rather astonishing to him. As Mrs. Medlock opened the door
he heard laughing and chattering. Colin was on his sofa in his
dressing-gown and he was sitting up quite straight looking at a picture
in one of the garden books and talking to the plain child who at that
moment could scarcely be called plain at all because her face was so
glowing with enjoyment.

“Those long spires of blue ones—we’ll have a lot of those,” Colin was
announcing. “They’re called Del-phin-iums.”

“Dickon says they’re larkspurs made big and grand,” cried Mistress
Mary. “There are clumps there already.”

Then they saw Dr. Craven and stopped. Mary became quite still and Colin
looked fretful.

“I am sorry to hear you were ill last night, my boy,” Dr. Craven said a
trifle nervously. He was rather a nervous man.

“I’m better now—much better,” Colin answered, rather like a Rajah. “I’m
going out in my chair in a day or two if it is fine. I want some fresh
air.”

Dr. Craven sat down by him and felt his pulse and looked at him
curiously.

“It must be a very fine day,” he said, “and you must be very careful
not to tire yourself.”

“Fresh air won’t tire me,” said the young Rajah.

As there had been occasions when this same young gentleman had shrieked
aloud with rage and had insisted that fresh air would give him cold and
kill him, it is not to be wondered at that his doctor felt somewhat
startled.

“I thought you did not like fresh air,” he said.

“I don’t when I am by myself,” replied the Rajah; “but my cousin is
going out with me.”

“And the nurse, of course?” suggested Dr. Craven.

“No, I will not have the nurse,” so magnificently that Mary could not
help remembering how the young native Prince had looked with his
diamonds and emeralds and pearls stuck all over him and the great
rubies on the small dark hand he had waved to command his servants to
approach with salaams and receive his orders.

“My cousin knows how to take care of me. I am always better when she is
with me. She made me better last night. A very strong boy I know will
push my carriage.”

Dr. Craven felt rather alarmed. If this tiresome hysterical boy should
chance to get well he himself would lose all chance of inheriting
Misselthwaite; but he was not an unscrupulous man, though he was a weak
one, and he did not intend to let him run into actual danger.

“He must be a strong boy and a steady boy,” he said. “And I must know
something about him. Who is he? What is his name?”

“It’s Dickon,” Mary spoke up suddenly. She felt somehow that everybody
who knew the moor must know Dickon. And she was right, too. She saw
that in a moment Dr. Craven’s serious face relaxed into a relieved
smile.

“Oh, Dickon,” he said. “If it is Dickon you will be safe enough. He’s
as strong as a moor pony, is Dickon.”

“And he’s trusty,” said Mary. “He’s th’ trustiest lad i’ Yorkshire.”
She had been talking Yorkshire to Colin and she forgot herself.

“Did Dickon teach you that?” asked Dr. Craven, laughing outright.

“I’m learning it as if it was French,” said Mary rather coldly. “It’s
like a native dialect in India. Very clever people try to learn them. I
like it and so does Colin.”

“Well, well,” he said. “If it amuses you perhaps it won’t do you any
harm. Did you take your bromide last night, Colin?”

“No,” Colin answered. “I wouldn’t take it at first and after Mary made
me quiet she talked me to sleep—in a low voice—about the spring
creeping into a garden.”

“That sounds soothing,” said Dr. Craven, more perplexed than ever and
glancing sideways at Mistress Mary sitting on her stool and looking
down silently at the carpet. “You are evidently better, but you must
remember—”

“I don’t want to remember,” interrupted the Rajah, appearing again.
“When I lie by myself and remember I begin to have pains everywhere and
I think of things that make me begin to scream because I hate them so.
If there was a doctor anywhere who could make you forget you were ill
instead of remembering it I would have him brought here.” And he waved
a thin hand which ought really to have been covered with royal signet
rings made of rubies. “It is because my cousin makes me forget that she
makes me better.”

Dr. Craven had never made such a short stay after a “tantrum”; usually
he was obliged to remain a very long time and do a great many things.
This afternoon he did not give any medicine or leave any new orders and
he was spared any disagreeable scenes. When he went downstairs he
looked very thoughtful and when he talked to Mrs. Medlock in the
library she felt that he was a much puzzled man.

“Well, sir,” she ventured, “could you have believed it?”

“It is certainly a new state of affairs,” said the doctor. “And there’s
no denying it is better than the old one.”

“I believe Susan Sowerby’s right—I do that,” said Mrs. Medlock. “I
stopped in her cottage on my way to Thwaite yesterday and had a bit of
talk with her. And she says to me, ‘Well, Sarah Ann, she mayn’t be a
good child, an’ she mayn’t be a pretty one, but she’s a child, an’
children needs children.’ We went to school together, Susan Sowerby and
me.”

“She’s the best sick nurse I know,” said Dr. Craven. “When I find her
in a cottage I know the chances are that I shall save my patient.”

Mrs. Medlock smiled. She was fond of Susan Sowerby.

“She’s got a way with her, has Susan,” she went on quite volubly. “I’ve
been thinking all morning of one thing she said yesterday. She says,
‘Once when I was givin’ th’ children a bit of a preach after they’d
been fightin’ I ses to ’em all, “When I was at school my jography told
as th’ world was shaped like a orange an’ I found out before I was ten
that th’ whole orange doesn’t belong to nobody. No one owns more than
his bit of a quarter an’ there’s times it seems like there’s not enow
quarters to go round. But don’t you—none o’ you—think as you own th’
whole orange or you’ll find out you’re mistaken, an’ you won’t find it
out without hard knocks.” ‘What children learns from children,’ she
says, ‘is that there’s no sense in grabbin’ at th’ whole orange—peel
an’ all. If you do you’ll likely not get even th’ pips, an’ them’s too
bitter to eat.’”

“She’s a shrewd woman,” said Dr. Craven, putting on his coat.

“Well, she’s got a way of saying things,” ended Mrs. Medlock, much
pleased. “Sometimes I’ve said to her, ‘Eh! Susan, if you was a
different woman an’ didn’t talk such broad Yorkshire I’ve seen the
times when I should have said you was clever.’”


That night Colin slept without once awakening and when he opened his
eyes in the morning he lay still and smiled without knowing it—smiled
because he felt so curiously comfortable. It was actually nice to be
awake, and he turned over and stretched his limbs luxuriously. He felt
as if tight strings which had held him had loosened themselves and let
him go. He did not know that Dr. Craven would have said that his nerves
had relaxed and rested themselves. Instead of lying and staring at the
wall and wishing he had not awakened, his mind was full of the plans he
and Mary had made yesterday, of pictures of the garden and of Dickon
and his wild creatures. It was so nice to have things to think about.
And he had not been awake more than ten minutes when he heard feet
running along the corridor and Mary was at the door. The next minute
she was in the room and had run across to his bed, bringing with her a
waft of fresh air full of the scent of the morning.

“You’ve been out! You’ve been out! There’s that nice smell of leaves!”
he cried.

She had been running and her hair was loose and blown and she was
bright with the air and pink-cheeked, though he could not see it.

“It’s so beautiful!” she said, a little breathless with her speed. “You
never saw anything so beautiful! It has _come!_ I thought it had come
that other morning, but it was only coming. It is here now! It has
come, the Spring! Dickon says so!”

“Has it?” cried Colin, and though he really knew nothing about it he
felt his heart beat. He actually sat up in bed.

“Open the window!” he added, laughing half with joyful excitement and
half at his own fancy. “Perhaps we may hear golden trumpets!”

And though he laughed, Mary was at the window in a moment and in a
moment more it was opened wide and freshness and softness and scents
and birds’ songs were pouring through.

“That’s fresh air,” she said. “Lie on your back and draw in long
breaths of it. That’s what Dickon does when he’s lying on the moor. He
says he feels it in his veins and it makes him strong and he feels as
if he could live forever and ever. Breathe it and breathe it.”

She was only repeating what Dickon had told her, but she caught Colin’s
fancy.

“’Forever and ever’! Does it make him feel like that?” he said, and he
did as she told him, drawing in long deep breaths over and over again
until he felt that something quite new and delightful was happening to
him.

Mary was at his bedside again.

“Things are crowding up out of the earth,” she ran on in a hurry. “And
there are flowers uncurling and buds on everything and the green veil
has covered nearly all the gray and the birds are in such a hurry about
their nests for fear they may be too late that some of them are even
fighting for places in the secret garden. And the rose-bushes look as
wick as wick can be, and there are primroses in the lanes and woods,
and the seeds we planted are up, and Dickon has brought the fox and the
crow and the squirrels and a new-born lamb.”

And then she paused for breath. The new-born lamb Dickon had found
three days before lying by its dead mother among the gorse bushes on
the moor. It was not the first motherless lamb he had found and he knew
what to do with it. He had taken it to the cottage wrapped in his
jacket and he had let it lie near the fire and had fed it with warm
milk. It was a soft thing with a darling silly baby face and legs
rather long for its body. Dickon had carried it over the moor in his
arms and its feeding bottle was in his pocket with a squirrel, and when
Mary had sat under a tree with its limp warmness huddled on her lap she
had felt as if she were too full of strange joy to speak. A lamb—a
lamb! A living lamb who lay on your lap like a baby!

She was describing it with great joy and Colin was listening and
drawing in long breaths of air when the nurse entered. She started a
little at the sight of the open window. She had sat stifling in the
room many a warm day because her patient was sure that open windows
gave people cold.

“Are you sure you are not chilly, Master Colin?” she inquired.

“No,” was the answer. “I am breathing long breaths of fresh air. It
makes you strong. I am going to get up to the sofa for breakfast. My
cousin will have breakfast with me.”

The nurse went away, concealing a smile, to give the order for two
breakfasts. She found the servants’ hall a more amusing place than the
invalid’s chamber and just now everybody wanted to hear the news from
upstairs. There was a great deal of joking about the unpopular young
recluse who, as the cook said, “had found his master, and good for
him.” The servants’ hall had been very tired of the tantrums, and the
butler, who was a man with a family, had more than once expressed his
opinion that the invalid would be all the better “for a good hiding.”

When Colin was on his sofa and the breakfast for two was put upon the
table he made an announcement to the nurse in his most Rajah-like
manner.

“A boy, and a fox, and a crow, and two squirrels, and a new-born lamb,
are coming to see me this morning. I want them brought upstairs as soon
as they come,” he said. “You are not to begin playing with the animals
in the servants’ hall and keep them there. I want them here.”

The nurse gave a slight gasp and tried to conceal it with a cough.

“Yes, sir,” she answered.

“I’ll tell you what you can do,” added Colin, waving his hand. “You can
tell Martha to bring them here. The boy is Martha’s brother. His name
is Dickon and he is an animal charmer.”

“I hope the animals won’t bite, Master Colin,” said the nurse.

“I told you he was a charmer,” said Colin austerely. “Charmers’ animals
never bite.”

“There are snake-charmers in India,” said Mary. “And they can put their
snakes’ heads in their mouths.”

“Goodness!” shuddered the nurse.

They ate their breakfast with the morning air pouring in upon them.
Colin’s breakfast was a very good one and Mary watched him with serious
interest.

“You will begin to get fatter just as I did,” she said. “I never wanted
my breakfast when I was in India and now I always want it.”

“I wanted mine this morning,” said Colin. “Perhaps it was the fresh
air. When do you think Dickon will come?”

He was not long in coming. In about ten minutes Mary held up her hand.

“Listen!” she said. “Did you hear a caw?”

Colin listened and heard it, the oddest sound in the world to hear
inside a house, a hoarse “caw-caw.”

“Yes,” he answered.

“That’s Soot,” said Mary. “Listen again. Do you hear a bleat—a tiny
one?”

“Oh, yes!” cried Colin, quite flushing.

“That’s the new-born lamb,” said Mary. “He’s coming.”

Dickon’s moorland boots were thick and clumsy and though he tried to
walk quietly they made a clumping sound as he walked through the long
corridors. Mary and Colin heard him marching—marching, until he passed
through the tapestry door on to the soft carpet of Colin’s own passage.

“If you please, sir,” announced Martha, opening the door, “if you
please, sir, here’s Dickon an’ his creatures.”

Dickon came in smiling his nicest wide smile. The new-born lamb was in
his arms and the little red fox trotted by his side. Nut sat on his
left shoulder and Soot on his right and Shell’s head and paws peeped
out of his coat pocket.

Colin slowly sat up and stared and stared—as he had stared when he
first saw Mary; but this was a stare of wonder and delight. The truth
was that in spite of all he had heard he had not in the least
understood what this boy would be like and that his fox and his crow
and his squirrels and his lamb were so near to him and his friendliness
that they seemed almost to be part of himself. Colin had never talked
to a boy in his life and he was so overwhelmed by his own pleasure and
curiosity that he did not even think of speaking.

But Dickon did not feel the least shy or awkward. He had not felt
embarrassed because the crow had not known his language and had only
stared and had not spoken to him the first time they met. Creatures
were always like that until they found out about you. He walked over to
Colin’s sofa and put the new-born lamb quietly on his lap, and
immediately the little creature turned to the warm velvet dressing-gown
and began to nuzzle and nuzzle into its folds and butt its tight-curled
head with soft impatience against his side. Of course no boy could have
helped speaking then.

“What is it doing?” cried Colin. “What does it want?”

“It wants its mother,” said Dickon, smiling more and more. “I brought
it to thee a bit hungry because I knowed tha’d like to see it feed.”

He knelt down by the sofa and took a feeding-bottle from his pocket.

“Come on, little ’un,” he said, turning the small woolly white head
with a gentle brown hand. “This is what tha’s after. Tha’ll get more
out o’ this than tha’ will out o’ silk velvet coats. There now,” and he
pushed the rubber tip of the bottle into the nuzzling mouth and the
lamb began to suck it with ravenous ecstasy.

After that there was no wondering what to say. By the time the lamb
fell asleep questions poured forth and Dickon answered them all. He
told them how he had found the lamb just as the sun was rising three
mornings ago. He had been standing on the moor listening to a skylark
and watching him swing higher and higher into the sky until he was only
a speck in the heights of blue.

“I’d almost lost him but for his song an’ I was wonderin’ how a chap
could hear it when it seemed as if he’d get out o’ th’ world in a
minute—an’ just then I heard somethin’ else far off among th’ gorse
bushes. It was a weak bleatin’ an’ I knowed it was a new lamb as was
hungry an’ I knowed it wouldn’t be hungry if it hadn’t lost its mother
somehow, so I set off searchin’. Eh! I did have a look for it. I went
in an’ out among th’ gorse bushes an’ round an’ round an’ I always
seemed to take th’ wrong turnin’. But at last I seed a bit o’ white by
a rock on top o’ th’ moor an’ I climbed up an’ found th’ little ’un
half dead wi’ cold an’ clemmin’.”

While he talked, Soot flew solemnly in and out of the open window and
cawed remarks about the scenery while Nut and Shell made excursions
into the big trees outside and ran up and down trunks and explored
branches. Captain curled up near Dickon, who sat on the hearth-rug from
preference.

They looked at the pictures in the gardening books and Dickon knew all
the flowers by their country names and knew exactly which ones were
already growing in the secret garden.

“I couldna’ say that there name,” he said, pointing to one under which
was written “Aquilegia,” “but us calls that a columbine, an’ that there
one it’s a snapdragon and they both grow wild in hedges, but these is
garden ones an’ they’re bigger an’ grander. There’s some big clumps o’
columbine in th’ garden. They’ll look like a bed o’ blue an’ white
butterflies flutterin’ when they’re out.”

“I’m going to see them,” cried Colin. “I am going to see them!”

“Aye, that tha’ mun,” said Mary quite seriously. “An’ tha’ munnot lose
no time about it.”




CHAPTER XX.
“I SHALL LIVE FOREVER—AND EVER—AND EVER!”


But they were obliged to wait more than a week because first there came
some very windy days and then Colin was threatened with a cold, which
two things happening one after the other would no doubt have thrown him
into a rage but that there was so much careful and mysterious planning
to do and almost every day Dickon came in, if only for a few minutes,
to talk about what was happening on the moor and in the lanes and
hedges and on the borders of streams. The things he had to tell about
otters’ and badgers’ and water-rats’ houses, not to mention birds’
nests and field-mice and their burrows, were enough to make you almost
tremble with excitement when you heard all the intimate details from an
animal charmer and realized with what thrilling eagerness and anxiety
the whole busy underworld was working.

“They’re same as us,” said Dickon, “only they have to build their homes
every year. An’ it keeps ’em so busy they fair scuffle to get ’em
done.”

The most absorbing thing, however, was the preparations to be made
before Colin could be transported with sufficient secrecy to the
garden. No one must see the chair-carriage and Dickon and Mary after
they turned a certain corner of the shrubbery and entered upon the walk
outside the ivied walls. As each day passed, Colin had become more and
more fixed in his feeling that the mystery surrounding the garden was
one of its greatest charms. Nothing must spoil that. No one must ever
suspect that they had a secret. People must think that he was simply
going out with Mary and Dickon because he liked them and did not object
to their looking at him. They had long and quite delightful talks about
their route. They would go up this path and down that one and cross the
other and go round among the fountain flower-beds as if they were
looking at the “bedding-out plants” the head gardener, Mr. Roach, had
been having arranged. That would seem such a rational thing to do that
no one would think it at all mysterious. They would turn into the
shrubbery walks and lose themselves until they came to the long walls.
It was almost as serious and elaborately thought out as the plans of
march made by great generals in time of war.

Rumors of the new and curious things which were occurring in the
invalid’s apartments had of course filtered through the servants’ hall
into the stable yards and out among the gardeners, but notwithstanding
this, Mr. Roach was startled one day when he received orders from
Master Colin’s room to the effect that he must report himself in the
apartment no outsider had ever seen, as the invalid himself desired to
speak to him.

“Well, well,” he said to himself as he hurriedly changed his coat,
“what’s to do now? His Royal Highness that wasn’t to be looked at
calling up a man he’s never set eyes on.”

Mr. Roach was not without curiosity. He had never caught even a glimpse
of the boy and had heard a dozen exaggerated stories about his uncanny
looks and ways and his insane tempers. The thing he had heard oftenest
was that he might die at any moment and there had been numerous
fanciful descriptions of a humped back and helpless limbs, given by
people who had never seen him.

“Things are changing in this house, Mr. Roach,” said Mrs. Medlock, as
she led him up the back staircase to the corridor on to which opened
the hitherto mysterious chamber.

“Let’s hope they’re changing for the better, Mrs. Medlock,” he
answered.

“They couldn’t well change for the worse,” she continued; “and queer as
it all is there’s them as finds their duties made a lot easier to stand
up under. Don’t you be surprised, Mr. Roach, if you find yourself in
the middle of a menagerie and Martha Sowerby’s Dickon more at home than
you or me could ever be.”

There really was a sort of Magic about Dickon, as Mary always privately
believed. When Mr. Roach heard his name he smiled quite leniently.

“He’d be at home in Buckingham Palace or at the bottom of a coal mine,”
he said. “And yet it’s not impudence, either. He’s just fine, is that
lad.”

It was perhaps well he had been prepared or he might have been
startled. When the bedroom door was opened a large crow, which seemed
quite at home perched on the high back of a carven chair, announced the
entrance of a visitor by saying “Caw—Caw” quite loudly. In spite of
Mrs. Medlock’s warning, Mr. Roach only just escaped being sufficiently
undignified to jump backward.

The young Rajah was neither in bed nor on his sofa. He was sitting in
an armchair and a young lamb was standing by him shaking its tail in
feeding-lamb fashion as Dickon knelt giving it milk from its bottle. A
squirrel was perched on Dickon’s bent back attentively nibbling a nut.
The little girl from India was sitting on a big footstool looking on.

“Here is Mr. Roach, Master Colin,” said Mrs. Medlock.

The young Rajah turned and looked his servitor over—at least that was
what the head gardener felt happened.

“Oh, you are Roach, are you?” he said. “I sent for you to give you some
very important orders.”

“Very good, sir,” answered Roach, wondering if he was to receive
instructions to fell all the oaks in the park or to transform the
orchards into water-gardens.

“I am going out in my chair this afternoon,” said Colin. “If the fresh
air agrees with me I may go out every day. When I go, none of the
gardeners are to be anywhere near the Long Walk by the garden walls. No
one is to be there. I shall go out about two o’clock and everyone must
keep away until I send word that they may go back to their work.”

“Very good, sir,” replied Mr. Roach, much relieved to hear that the
oaks might remain and that the orchards were safe.

“Mary,” said Colin, turning to her, “what is that thing you say in
India when you have finished talking and want people to go?”

“You say, ‘You have my permission to go,’” answered Mary.

The Rajah waved his hand.

“You have my permission to go, Roach,” he said. “But, remember, this is
very important.”

“Caw—Caw!” remarked the crow hoarsely but not impolitely.

“Very good, sir. Thank you, sir,” said Mr. Roach, and Mrs. Medlock took
him out of the room.

Outside in the corridor, being a rather good-natured man, he smiled
until he almost laughed.

“My word!” he said, “he’s got a fine lordly way with him, hasn’t he?
You’d think he was a whole Royal Family rolled into one—Prince Consort
and all.”

“Eh!” protested Mrs. Medlock, “we’ve had to let him trample all over
everyone of us ever since he had feet and he thinks that’s what folks
was born for.”

“Perhaps he’ll grow out of it, if he lives,” suggested Mr. Roach.

“Well, there’s one thing pretty sure,” said Mrs. Medlock. “If he does
live and that Indian child stays here I’ll warrant she teaches him that
the whole orange does not belong to him, as Susan Sowerby says. And
he’ll be likely to find out the size of his own quarter.”

Inside the room Colin was leaning back on his cushions.

“It’s all safe now,” he said. “And this afternoon I shall see it—this
afternoon I shall be in it!”

Dickon went back to the garden with his creatures and Mary stayed with
Colin. She did not think he looked tired but he was very quiet before
their lunch came and he was quiet while they were eating it. She
wondered why and asked him about it.

“What big eyes you’ve got, Colin,” she said. “When you are thinking
they get as big as saucers. What are you thinking about now?”

“I can’t help thinking about what it will look like,” he answered.

“The garden?” asked Mary.

“The springtime,” he said. “I was thinking that I’ve really never seen
it before. I scarcely ever went out and when I did go I never looked at
it. I didn’t even think about it.”

“I never saw it in India because there wasn’t any,” said Mary.

Shut in and morbid as his life had been, Colin had more imagination
than she had and at least he had spent a good deal of time looking at
wonderful books and pictures.

“That morning when you ran in and said ‘It’s come! It’s come!’, you
made me feel quite queer. It sounded as if things were coming with a
great procession and big bursts and wafts of music. I’ve a picture like
it in one of my books—crowds of lovely people and children with
garlands and branches with blossoms on them, everyone laughing and
dancing and crowding and playing on pipes. That was why I said,
‘Perhaps we shall hear golden trumpets’ and told you to throw open the
window.”

“How funny!” said Mary. “That’s really just what it feels like. And if
all the flowers and leaves and green things and birds and wild
creatures danced past at once, what a crowd it would be! I’m sure
they’d dance and sing and flute and that would be the wafts of music.”

They both laughed but it was not because the idea was laughable but
because they both so liked it.

A little later the nurse made Colin ready. She noticed that instead of
lying like a log while his clothes were put on he sat up and made some
efforts to help himself, and he talked and laughed with Mary all the
time.

“This is one of his good days, sir,” she said to Dr. Craven, who
dropped in to inspect him. “He’s in such good spirits that it makes him
stronger.”

“I’ll call in again later in the afternoon, after he has come in,” said
Dr. Craven. “I must see how the going out agrees with him. I wish,” in
a very low voice, “that he would let you go with him.”

“I’d rather give up the case this moment, sir, than even stay here
while it’s suggested,” answered the nurse. With sudden firmness.

“I hadn’t really decided to suggest it,” said the doctor, with his
slight nervousness. “We’ll try the experiment. Dickon’s a lad I’d trust
with a new-born child.”

The strongest footman in the house carried Colin downstairs and put him
in his wheeled chair near which Dickon waited outside. After the
manservant had arranged his rugs and cushions the Rajah waved his hand
to him and to the nurse.

“You have my permission to go,” he said, and they both disappeared
quickly and it must be confessed giggled when they were safely inside
the house.

Dickon began to push the wheeled chair slowly and steadily. Mistress
Mary walked beside it and Colin leaned back and lifted his face to the
sky. The arch of it looked very high and the small snowy clouds seemed
like white birds floating on outspread wings below its crystal
blueness. The wind swept in soft big breaths down from the moor and was
strange with a wild clear scented sweetness. Colin kept lifting his
thin chest to draw it in, and his big eyes looked as if it were they
which were listening—listening, instead of his ears.

“There are so many sounds of singing and humming and calling out,” he
said. “What is that scent the puffs of wind bring?”

“It’s gorse on th’ moor that’s openin’ out,” answered Dickon. “Eh! th’
bees are at it wonderful today.”

Not a human creature was to be caught sight of in the paths they took.
In fact every gardener or gardener’s lad had been witched away. But
they wound in and out among the shrubbery and out and round the
fountain beds, following their carefully planned route for the mere
mysterious pleasure of it. But when at last they turned into the Long
Walk by the ivied walls the excited sense of an approaching thrill made
them, for some curious reason they could not have explained, begin to
speak in whispers.

“This is it,” breathed Mary. “This is where I used to walk up and down
and wonder and wonder.”

“Is it?” cried Colin, and his eyes began to search the ivy with eager
curiousness. “But I can see nothing,” he whispered. “There is no door.”

“That’s what I thought,” said Mary.

Then there was a lovely breathless silence and the chair wheeled on.

“That is the garden where Ben Weatherstaff works,” said Mary.

“Is it?” said Colin.

A few yards more and Mary whispered again.

“This is where the robin flew over the wall,” she said.

“Is it?” cried Colin. “Oh! I wish he’d come again!”

“And that,” said Mary with solemn delight, pointing under a big lilac
bush, “is where he perched on the little heap of earth and showed me
the key.”

Then Colin sat up.

“Where? Where? There?” he cried, and his eyes were as big as the wolf’s
in Red Riding-Hood, when Red Riding-Hood felt called upon to remark on
them. Dickon stood still and the wheeled chair stopped.

“And this,” said Mary, stepping on to the bed close to the ivy, “is
where I went to talk to him when he chirped at me from the top of the
wall. And this is the ivy the wind blew back,” and she took hold of the
hanging green curtain.

“Oh! is it—is it!” gasped Colin.

“And here is the handle, and here is the door. Dickon push him in—push
him in quickly!”

And Dickon did it with one strong, steady, splendid push.

But Colin had actually dropped back against his cushions, even though
he gasped with delight, and he had covered his eyes with his hands and
held them there shutting out everything until they were inside and the
chair stopped as if by magic and the door was closed. Not till then did
he take them away and look round and round and round as Dickon and Mary
had done. And over walls and earth and trees and swinging sprays and
tendrils the fair green veil of tender little leaves had crept, and in
the grass under the trees and the gray urns in the alcoves and here and
there everywhere were touches or splashes of gold and purple and white
and the trees were showing pink and snow above his head and there were
fluttering of wings and faint sweet pipes and humming and scents and
scents. And the sun fell warm upon his face like a hand with a lovely
touch. And in wonder Mary and Dickon stood and stared at him. He looked
so strange and different because a pink glow of color had actually
crept all over him—ivory face and neck and hands and all.

“I shall get well! I shall get well!” he cried out. “Mary! Dickon! I
shall get well! And I shall live forever and ever and ever!”




CHAPTER XXI.
BEN WEATHERSTAFF


One of the strange things about living in the world is that it is only
now and then one is quite sure one is going to live forever and ever
and ever. One knows it sometimes when one gets up at the tender solemn
dawn-time and goes out and stands alone and throws one’s head far back
and looks up and up and watches the pale sky slowly changing and
flushing and marvelous unknown things happening until the East almost
makes one cry out and one’s heart stands still at the strange
unchanging majesty of the rising of the sun—which has been happening
every morning for thousands and thousands and thousands of years. One
knows it then for a moment or so. And one knows it sometimes when one
stands by oneself in a wood at sunset and the mysterious deep gold
stillness slanting through and under the branches seems to be saying
slowly again and again something one cannot quite hear, however much
one tries. Then sometimes the immense quiet of the dark blue at night
with millions of stars waiting and watching makes one sure; and
sometimes a sound of far-off music makes it true; and sometimes a look
in someone’s eyes.

And it was like that with Colin when he first saw and heard and felt
the Springtime inside the four high walls of a hidden garden. That
afternoon the whole world seemed to devote itself to being perfect and
radiantly beautiful and kind to one boy. Perhaps out of pure heavenly
goodness the spring came and crowded everything it possibly could into
that one place. More than once Dickon paused in what he was doing and
stood still with a sort of growing wonder in his eyes, shaking his head
softly.

“Eh! it is graidely,” he said. “I’m twelve goin’ on thirteen an’
there’s a lot o’ afternoons in thirteen years, but seems to me like I
never seed one as graidely as this ’ere.”

“Aye, it is a graidely one,” said Mary, and she sighed for mere joy.
“I’ll warrant it’s the graidelest one as ever was in this world.”

“Does tha’ think,” said Colin with dreamy carefulness, “as happen it
was made loike this ’ere all o’ purpose for me?”

“My word!” cried Mary admiringly, “that there is a bit o’ good
Yorkshire. Tha’rt shapin’ first-rate—that tha’ art.”

And delight reigned.

They drew the chair under the plum-tree, which was snow-white with
blossoms and musical with bees. It was like a king’s canopy, a fairy
king’s. There were flowering cherry-trees near and apple-trees whose
buds were pink and white, and here and there one had burst open wide.
Between the blossoming branches of the canopy bits of blue sky looked
down like wonderful eyes.

Mary and Dickon worked a little here and there and Colin watched them.
They brought him things to look at—buds which were opening, buds which
were tight closed, bits of twig whose leaves were just showing green,
the feather of a woodpecker which had dropped on the grass, the empty
shell of some bird early hatched. Dickon pushed the chair slowly round
and round the garden, stopping every other moment to let him look at
wonders springing out of the earth or trailing down from trees. It was
like being taken in state round the country of a magic king and queen
and shown all the mysterious riches it contained.

“I wonder if we shall see the robin?” said Colin.

“Tha’ll see him often enow after a bit,” answered Dickon. “When th’
eggs hatches out th’ little chap he’ll be kep’ so busy it’ll make his
head swim. Tha’ll see him flyin’ backward an’ for’ard carryin’ worms
nigh as big as himsel’ an’ that much noise goin’ on in th’ nest when he
gets there as fair flusters him so as he scarce knows which big mouth
to drop th’ first piece in. An’ gapin’ beaks an’ squawks on every side.
Mother says as when she sees th’ work a robin has to keep them gapin’
beaks filled, she feels like she was a lady with nothin’ to do. She
says she’s seen th’ little chaps when it seemed like th’ sweat must be
droppin’ off ’em, though folk can’t see it.”

This made them giggle so delightedly that they were obliged to cover
their mouths with their hands, remembering that they must not be heard.
Colin had been instructed as to the law of whispers and low voices
several days before. He liked the mysteriousness of it and did his
best, but in the midst of excited enjoyment it is rather difficult
never to laugh above a whisper.

Every moment of the afternoon was full of new things and every hour the
sunshine grew more golden. The wheeled chair had been drawn back under
the canopy and Dickon had sat down on the grass and had just drawn out
his pipe when Colin saw something he had not had time to notice before.

“That’s a very old tree over there, isn’t it?” he said.

Dickon looked across the grass at the tree and Mary looked and there
was a brief moment of stillness.

“Yes,” answered Dickon, after it, and his low voice had a very gentle
sound.

Mary gazed at the tree and thought.

“The branches are quite gray and there’s not a single leaf anywhere,”
Colin went on. “It’s quite dead, isn’t it?”

“Aye,” admitted Dickon. “But them roses as has climbed all over it will
near hide every bit o’ th’ dead wood when they’re full o’ leaves an’
flowers. It won’t look dead then. It’ll be th’ prettiest of all.”

Mary still gazed at the tree and thought.

“It looks as if a big branch had been broken off,” said Colin. “I
wonder how it was done.”

“It’s been done many a year,” answered Dickon. “Eh!” with a sudden
relieved start and laying his hand on Colin. “Look at that robin! There
he is! He’s been foragin’ for his mate.”

Colin was almost too late but he just caught sight of him, the flash of
red-breasted bird with something in his beak. He darted through the
greenness and into the close-grown corner and was out of sight. Colin
leaned back on his cushion again, laughing a little.

“He’s taking her tea to her. Perhaps it’s five o’clock. I think I’d
like some tea myself.”

And so they were safe.

“It was Magic which sent the robin,” said Mary secretly to Dickon
afterward. “I know it was Magic.” For both she and Dickon had been
afraid Colin might ask something about the tree whose branch had broken
off ten years ago and they had talked it over together and Dickon had
stood and rubbed his head in a troubled way.

“We mun look as if it wasn’t no different from th’ other trees,” he had
said. “We couldn’t never tell him how it broke, poor lad. If he says
anything about it we mun—we mun try to look cheerful.”

“Aye, that we mun,” had answered Mary.

But she had not felt as if she looked cheerful when she gazed at the
tree. She wondered and wondered in those few moments if there was any
reality in that other thing Dickon had said. He had gone on rubbing his
rust-red hair in a puzzled way, but a nice comforted look had begun to
grow in his blue eyes.

“Mrs. Craven was a very lovely young lady,” he had gone on rather
hesitatingly. “An’ mother she thinks maybe she’s about Misselthwaite
many a time lookin’ after Mester Colin, same as all mothers do when
they’re took out o’ th’ world. They have to come back, tha’ sees.
Happen she’s been in the garden an’ happen it was her set us to work,
an’ told us to bring him here.”

Mary had thought he meant something about Magic. She was a great
believer in Magic. Secretly she quite believed that Dickon worked
Magic, of course good Magic, on everything near him and that was why
people liked him so much and wild creatures knew he was their friend.
She wondered, indeed, if it were not possible that his gift had brought
the robin just at the right moment when Colin asked that dangerous
question. She felt that his Magic was working all the afternoon and
making Colin look like an entirely different boy. It did not seem
possible that he could be the crazy creature who had screamed and
beaten and bitten his pillow. Even his ivory whiteness seemed to
change. The faint glow of color which had shown on his face and neck
and hands when he first got inside the garden really never quite died
away. He looked as if he were made of flesh instead of ivory or wax.

They saw the robin carry food to his mate two or three times, and it
was so suggestive of afternoon tea that Colin felt they must have some.

“Go and make one of the men servants bring some in a basket to the
rhododendron walk,” he said. “And then you and Dickon can bring it
here.”

It was an agreeable idea, easily carried out, and when the white cloth
was spread upon the grass, with hot tea and buttered toast and
crumpets, a delightfully hungry meal was eaten, and several birds on
domestic errands paused to inquire what was going on and were led into
investigating crumbs with great activity. Nut and Shell whisked up
trees with pieces of cake and Soot took the entire half of a buttered
crumpet into a corner and pecked at and examined and turned it over and
made hoarse remarks about it until he decided to swallow it all
joyfully in one gulp.

The afternoon was dragging towards its mellow hour. The sun was
deepening the gold of its lances, the bees were going home and the
birds were flying past less often. Dickon and Mary were sitting on the
grass, the tea-basket was repacked ready to be taken back to the house,
and Colin was lying against his cushions with his heavy locks pushed
back from his forehead and his face looking quite a natural color.

“I don’t want this afternoon to go,” he said; “but I shall come back
tomorrow, and the day after, and the day after, and the day after.”

“You’ll get plenty of fresh air, won’t you?” said Mary.

“I’m going to get nothing else,” he answered. “I’ve seen the spring now
and I’m going to see the summer. I’m going to see everything grow here.
I’m going to grow here myself.”

“That tha’ will,” said Dickon. “Us’ll have thee walkin’ about here an’
diggin’ same as other folk afore long.”

Colin flushed tremendously.

“Walk!” he said. “Dig! Shall I?”

Dickon’s glance at him was delicately cautious. Neither he nor Mary had
ever asked if anything was the matter with his legs.

“For sure tha’ will,” he said stoutly. “Tha—tha’s got legs o’ thine
own, same as other folks!”

Mary was rather frightened until she heard Colin’s answer.

“Nothing really ails them,” he said, “but they are so thin and weak.
They shake so that I’m afraid to try to stand on them.”

Both Mary and Dickon drew a relieved breath.

“When tha’ stops bein’ afraid tha’lt stand on ’em,” Dickon said with
renewed cheer. “An’ tha’lt stop bein’ afraid in a bit.”

“I shall?” said Colin, and he lay still as if he were wondering about
things.

They were really very quiet for a little while. The sun was dropping
lower. It was that hour when everything stills itself, and they really
had had a busy and exciting afternoon. Colin looked as if he were
resting luxuriously. Even the creatures had ceased moving about and had
drawn together and were resting near them. Soot had perched on a low
branch and drawn up one leg and dropped the gray film drowsily over his
eyes. Mary privately thought he looked as if he might snore in a
minute.

In the midst of this stillness it was rather startling when Colin half
lifted his head and exclaimed in a loud suddenly alarmed whisper:

“Who is that man?”

Dickon and Mary scrambled to their feet.

“Man!” they both cried in low quick voices.

Colin pointed to the high wall.

“Look!” he whispered excitedly. “Just look!”

Mary and Dickon wheeled about and looked. There was Ben Weatherstaff’s
indignant face glaring at them over the wall from the top of a ladder!
He actually shook his fist at Mary.

“If I wasn’t a bachelder, an’ tha’ was a wench o’ mine,” he cried, “I’d
give thee a hidin’!”

He mounted another step threateningly as if it were his energetic
intention to jump down and deal with her; but as she came toward him he
evidently thought better of it and stood on the top step of his ladder
shaking his fist down at her.

“I never thowt much o’ thee!” he harangued. “I couldna’ abide thee th’
first time I set eyes on thee. A scrawny buttermilk-faced young besom,
allus askin’ questions an’ pokin’ tha’ nose where it wasna, wanted. I
never knowed how tha’ got so thick wi’ me. If it hadna’ been for th’
robin— Drat him—”

“Ben Weatherstaff,” called out Mary, finding her breath. She stood
below him and called up to him with a sort of gasp. “Ben Weatherstaff,
it was the robin who showed me the way!”

Then it did seem as if Ben really would scramble down on her side of
the wall, he was so outraged.

“Tha’ young bad ’un!” he called down at her. “Layin’ tha’ badness on a
robin—not but what he’s impidint enow for anythin’. Him showin’ thee
th’ way! Him! Eh! tha’ young nowt”—she could see his next words burst
out because he was overpowered by curiosity—“however i’ this world did
tha’ get in?”

“It was the robin who showed me the way,” she protested obstinately.
“He didn’t know he was doing it but he did. And I can’t tell you from
here while you’re shaking your fist at me.”

He stopped shaking his fist very suddenly at that very moment and his
jaw actually dropped as he stared over her head at something he saw
coming over the grass toward him.

At the first sound of his torrent of words Colin had been so surprised
that he had only sat up and listened as if he were spellbound. But in
the midst of it he had recovered himself and beckoned imperiously to
Dickon.

“Wheel me over there!” he commanded. “Wheel me quite close and stop
right in front of him!”

And this, if you please, this is what Ben Weatherstaff beheld and which
made his jaw drop. A wheeled chair with luxurious cushions and robes
which came toward him looking rather like some sort of State Coach
because a young Rajah leaned back in it with royal command in his great
black-rimmed eyes and a thin white hand extended haughtily toward him.
And it stopped right under Ben Weatherstaff’s nose. It was really no
wonder his mouth dropped open.

“Do you know who I am?” demanded the Rajah.

How Ben Weatherstaff stared! His red old eyes fixed themselves on what
was before him as if he were seeing a ghost. He gazed and gazed and
gulped a lump down his throat and did not say a word.

“Do you know who I am?” demanded Colin still more imperiously.
“Answer!”

Ben Weatherstaff put his gnarled hand up and passed it over his eyes
and over his forehead and then he did answer in a queer shaky voice.

“Who tha’ art?” he said. “Aye, that I do—wi’ tha’ mother’s eyes starin’
at me out o’ tha’ face. Lord knows how tha’ come here. But tha’rt th’
poor cripple.”

Colin forgot that he had ever had a back. His face flushed scarlet and
he sat bolt upright.

“I’m not a cripple!” he cried out furiously. “I’m not!”

“He’s not!” cried Mary, almost shouting up the wall in her fierce
indignation. “He’s not got a lump as big as a pin! I looked and there
was none there—not one!”

Ben Weatherstaff passed his hand over his forehead again and gazed as
if he could never gaze enough. His hand shook and his mouth shook and
his voice shook. He was an ignorant old man and a tactless old man and
he could only remember the things he had heard.

“Tha’—tha’ hasn’t got a crooked back?” he said hoarsely.

“No!” shouted Colin.

“Tha’—tha’ hasn’t got crooked legs?” quavered Ben more hoarsely yet.

It was too much. The strength which Colin usually threw into his
tantrums rushed through him now in a new way. Never yet had he been
accused of crooked legs—even in whispers—and the perfectly simple
belief in their existence which was revealed by Ben Weatherstaff’s
voice was more than Rajah flesh and blood could endure. His anger and
insulted pride made him forget everything but this one moment and
filled him with a power he had never known before, an almost unnatural
strength.

“Come here!” he shouted to Dickon, and he actually began to tear the
coverings off his lower limbs and disentangle himself. “Come here! Come
here! This minute!”

Dickon was by his side in a second. Mary caught her breath in a short
gasp and felt herself turn pale.

“He can do it! He can do it! He can do it! He can!” she gabbled over to
herself under her breath as fast as ever she could.

There was a brief fierce scramble, the rugs were tossed on the ground,
Dickon held Colin’s arm, the thin legs were out, the thin feet were on
the grass. Colin was standing upright—upright—as straight as an arrow
and looking strangely tall—his head thrown back and his strange eyes
flashing lightning.

“Look at me!” he flung up at Ben Weatherstaff. “Just look at me—you!
Just look at me!”

“He’s as straight as I am!” cried Dickon. “He’s as straight as any lad
i’ Yorkshire!”

What Ben Weatherstaff did Mary thought queer beyond measure. He choked
and gulped and suddenly tears ran down his weather-wrinkled cheeks as
he struck his old hands together.

“Eh!” he burst forth, “th’ lies folk tells! Tha’rt as thin as a lath
an’ as white as a wraith, but there’s not a knob on thee. Tha’lt make a
mon yet. God bless thee!”

Dickon held Colin’s arm strongly but the boy had not begun to falter.
He stood straighter and straighter and looked Ben Weatherstaff in the
face.

“I’m your master,” he said, “when my father is away. And you are to
obey me. This is my garden. Don’t dare to say a word about it! You get
down from that ladder and go out to the Long Walk and Miss Mary will
meet you and bring you here. I want to talk to you. We did not want
you, but now you will have to be in the secret. Be quick!”

Ben Weatherstaff’s crabbed old face was still wet with that one queer
rush of tears. It seemed as if he could not take his eyes from thin
straight Colin standing on his feet with his head thrown back.

“Eh! lad,” he almost whispered. “Eh! my lad!” And then remembering
himself he suddenly touched his hat gardener fashion and said, “Yes,
sir! Yes, sir!” and obediently disappeared as he descended the ladder.




CHAPTER XXII.
WHEN THE SUN WENT DOWN


When his head was out of sight Colin turned to Mary.

“Go and meet him,” he said; and Mary flew across the grass to the door
under the ivy.

Dickon was watching him with sharp eyes. There were scarlet spots on
his cheeks and he looked amazing, but he showed no signs of falling.

“I can stand,” he said, and his head was still held up and he said it
quite grandly.

“I told thee tha’ could as soon as tha’ stopped bein’ afraid,” answered
Dickon. “An’ tha’s stopped.”

“Yes, I’ve stopped,” said Colin.

Then suddenly he remembered something Mary had said.

“Are you making Magic?” he asked sharply.

Dickon’s curly mouth spread in a cheerful grin.

“Tha’s doin’ Magic thysel’,” he said. “It’s same Magic as made these
’ere work out o’ th’ earth,” and he touched with his thick boot a clump
of crocuses in the grass.

Colin looked down at them.

“Aye,” he said slowly, “there couldna’ be bigger Magic than that
there—there couldna’ be.”

He drew himself up straighter than ever.

“I’m going to walk to that tree,” he said, pointing to one a few feet
away from him. “I’m going to be standing when Weatherstaff comes here.
I can rest against the tree if I like. When I want to sit down I will
sit down, but not before. Bring a rug from the chair.”

He walked to the tree and though Dickon held his arm he was wonderfully
steady. When he stood against the tree trunk it was not too plain that
he supported himself against it, and he still held himself so straight
that he looked tall.

When Ben Weatherstaff came through the door in the wall he saw him
standing there and he heard Mary muttering something under her breath.

“What art sayin’?” he asked rather testily because he did not want his
attention distracted from the long thin straight boy figure and proud
face.

But she did not tell him. What she was saying was this:

“You can do it! You can do it! I told you you could! You can do it! You
can do it! You _can!_”

She was saying it to Colin because she wanted to make Magic and keep
him on his feet looking like that. She could not bear that he should
give in before Ben Weatherstaff. He did not give in. She was uplifted
by a sudden feeling that he looked quite beautiful in spite of his
thinness. He fixed his eyes on Ben Weatherstaff in his funny imperious
way.

“Look at me!” he commanded. “Look at me all over! Am I a hunchback?
Have I got crooked legs?”

Ben Weatherstaff had not quite got over his emotion, but he had
recovered a little and answered almost in his usual way.

“Not tha’,” he said. “Nowt o’ th’ sort. What’s tha’ been doin’ with
thysel’—hidin’ out o’ sight an’ lettin’ folk think tha’ was cripple an’
half-witted?”

“Half-witted!” said Colin angrily. “Who thought that?”

“Lots o’ fools,” said Ben. “Th’ world’s full o’ jackasses brayin’ an’
they never bray nowt but lies. What did tha’ shut thysel’ up for?”

“Everyone thought I was going to die,” said Colin shortly. “I’m not!”

And he said it with such decision Ben Weatherstaff looked him over, up
and down, down and up.

“Tha’ die!” he said with dry exultation. “Nowt o’ th’ sort! Tha’s got
too much pluck in thee. When I seed thee put tha’ legs on th’ ground in
such a hurry I knowed tha’ was all right. Sit thee down on th’ rug a
bit young Mester an’ give me thy orders.”

There was a queer mixture of crabbed tenderness and shrewd
understanding in his manner. Mary had poured out speech as rapidly as
she could as they had come down the Long Walk. The chief thing to be
remembered, she had told him, was that Colin was getting well—getting
well. The garden was doing it. No one must let him remember about
having humps and dying.

The Rajah condescended to seat himself on a rug under the tree.

“What work do you do in the gardens, Weatherstaff?” he inquired.

“Anythin’ I’m told to do,” answered old Ben. “I’m kep’ on by
favor—because she liked me.”

“She?” said Colin.

“Tha’ mother,” answered Ben Weatherstaff.

“My mother?” said Colin, and he looked about him quietly. “This was her
garden, wasn’t it?”

“Aye, it was that!” and Ben Weatherstaff looked about him too. “She
were main fond of it.”

“It is my garden now. I am fond of it. I shall come here every day,”
announced Colin. “But it is to be a secret. My orders are that no one
is to know that we come here. Dickon and my cousin have worked and made
it come alive. I shall send for you sometimes to help—but you must come
when no one can see you.”

Ben Weatherstaff’s face twisted itself in a dry old smile.

“I’ve come here before when no one saw me,” he said.

“What!” exclaimed Colin. “When?”

“Th’ last time I was here,” rubbing his chin and looking round, “was
about two year’ ago.”

“But no one has been in it for ten years!” cried Colin.

“There was no door!”

“I’m no one,” said old Ben dryly. “An’ I didn’t come through th’ door.
I come over th’ wall. Th’ rheumatics held me back th’ last two year’.”

“Tha’ come an’ did a bit o’ prunin’!” cried Dickon. “I couldn’t make
out how it had been done.”

“She was so fond of it—she was!” said Ben Weatherstaff slowly. “An’ she
was such a pretty young thing. She says to me once, ‘Ben,’ says she
laughin’, ‘if ever I’m ill or if I go away you must take care of my
roses.’ When she did go away th’ orders was no one was ever to come
nigh. But I come,” with grumpy obstinacy. “Over th’ wall I come—until
th’ rheumatics stopped me—an’ I did a bit o’ work once a year. She’d
gave her order first.”

“It wouldn’t have been as wick as it is if tha’ hadn’t done it,” said
Dickon. “I did wonder.”

“I’m glad you did it, Weatherstaff,” said Colin. “You’ll know how to
keep the secret.”

“Aye, I’ll know, sir,” answered Ben. “An’ it’ll be easier for a man wi’
rheumatics to come in at th’ door.”

On the grass near the tree Mary had dropped her trowel. Colin stretched
out his hand and took it up. An odd expression came into his face and
he began to scratch at the earth. His thin hand was weak enough but
presently as they watched him—Mary with quite breathless interest—he
drove the end of the trowel into the soil and turned some over.

“You can do it! You can do it!” said Mary to herself. “I tell you, you
can!”

Dickon’s round eyes were full of eager curiousness but he said not a
word. Ben Weatherstaff looked on with interested face.

Colin persevered. After he had turned a few trowelfuls of soil he spoke
exultantly to Dickon in his best Yorkshire.

“Tha’ said as tha’d have me walkin’ about here same as other folk—an’
tha’ said tha’d have me diggin’. I thowt tha’ was just leein’ to please
me. This is only th’ first day an’ I’ve walked—an’ here I am diggin’.”

Ben Weatherstaff’s mouth fell open again when he heard him, but he
ended by chuckling.

“Eh!” he said, “that sounds as if tha’d got wits enow. Tha’rt a
Yorkshire lad for sure. An’ tha’rt diggin’, too. How’d tha’ like to
plant a bit o’ somethin’? I can get thee a rose in a pot.”

“Go and get it!” said Colin, digging excitedly. “Quick! Quick!”

It was done quickly enough indeed. Ben Weatherstaff went his way
forgetting rheumatics. Dickon took his spade and dug the hole deeper
and wider than a new digger with thin white hands could make it. Mary
slipped out to run and bring back a watering-can. When Dickon had
deepened the hole Colin went on turning the soft earth over and over.
He looked up at the sky, flushed and glowing with the strangely new
exercise, slight as it was.

“I want to do it before the sun goes quite—quite down,” he said.

Mary thought that perhaps the sun held back a few minutes just on
purpose. Ben Weatherstaff brought the rose in its pot from the
greenhouse. He hobbled over the grass as fast as he could. He had begun
to be excited, too. He knelt down by the hole and broke the pot from
the mould.

“Here, lad,” he said, handing the plant to Colin. “Set it in the earth
thysel’ same as th’ king does when he goes to a new place.”

The thin white hands shook a little and Colin’s flush grew deeper as he
set the rose in the mould and held it while old Ben made firm the
earth. It was filled in and pressed down and made steady. Mary was
leaning forward on her hands and knees. Soot had flown down and marched
forward to see what was being done. Nut and Shell chattered about it
from a cherry-tree.

“It’s planted!” said Colin at last. “And the sun is only slipping over
the edge. Help me up, Dickon. I want to be standing when it goes.
That’s part of the Magic.”

And Dickon helped him, and the Magic—or whatever it was—so gave him
strength that when the sun did slip over the edge and end the strange
lovely afternoon for them there he actually stood on his two
feet—laughing.




CHAPTER XXIII.
MAGIC


Dr. Craven had been waiting some time at the house when they returned
to it. He had indeed begun to wonder if it might not be wise to send
someone out to explore the garden paths. When Colin was brought back to
his room the poor man looked him over seriously.

“You should not have stayed so long,” he said. “You must not overexert
yourself.”

“I am not tired at all,” said Colin. “It has made me well. Tomorrow I
am going out in the morning as well as in the afternoon.”

“I am not sure that I can allow it,” answered Dr. Craven. “I am afraid
it would not be wise.”

“It would not be wise to try to stop me,” said Colin quite seriously.
“I am going.”

Even Mary had found out that one of Colin’s chief peculiarities was
that he did not know in the least what a rude little brute he was with
his way of ordering people about. He had lived on a sort of desert
island all his life and as he had been the king of it he had made his
own manners and had had no one to compare himself with. Mary had indeed
been rather like him herself and since she had been at Misselthwaite
had gradually discovered that her own manners had not been of the kind
which is usual or popular. Having made this discovery she naturally
thought it of enough interest to communicate to Colin. So she sat and
looked at him curiously for a few minutes after Dr. Craven had gone.
She wanted to make him ask her why she was doing it and of course she
did.

“What are you looking at me for?” he said.

“I’m thinking that I am rather sorry for Dr. Craven.”

“So am I,” said Colin calmly, but not without an air of some
satisfaction. “He won’t get Misselthwaite at all now I’m not going to
die.”

“I’m sorry for him because of that, of course,” said Mary, “but I was
thinking just then that it must have been very horrid to have had to be
polite for ten years to a boy who was always rude. I would never have
done it.”

“Am I rude?” Colin inquired undisturbedly.

“If you had been his own boy and he had been a slapping sort of man,”
said Mary, “he would have slapped you.”

“But he daren’t,” said Colin.

“No, he daren’t,” answered Mistress Mary, thinking the thing out quite
without prejudice. “Nobody ever dared to do anything you didn’t
like—because you were going to die and things like that. You were such
a poor thing.”

“But,” announced Colin stubbornly, “I am not going to be a poor thing.
I won’t let people think I’m one. I stood on my feet this afternoon.”

“It is always having your own way that has made you so queer,” Mary
went on, thinking aloud.

Colin turned his head, frowning.

“Am I queer?” he demanded.

“Yes,” answered Mary, “very. But you needn’t be cross,” she added
impartially, “because so am I queer—and so is Ben Weatherstaff. But I
am not as queer as I was before I began to like people and before I
found the garden.”

“I don’t want to be queer,” said Colin. “I am not going to be,” and he
frowned again with determination.

He was a very proud boy. He lay thinking for a while and then Mary saw
his beautiful smile begin and gradually change his whole face.

“I shall stop being queer,” he said, “if I go every day to the garden.
There is Magic in there—good Magic, you know, Mary. I am sure there
is.”

“So am I,” said Mary.

“Even if it isn’t real Magic,” Colin said, “we can pretend it is.
_Something_ is there—_something!_”

“It’s Magic,” said Mary, “but not black. It’s as white as snow.”

They always called it Magic and indeed it seemed like it in the months
that followed—the wonderful months—the radiant months—the amazing ones.
Oh! the things which happened in that garden! If you have never had a
garden you cannot understand, and if you have had a garden you will
know that it would take a whole book to describe all that came to pass
there. At first it seemed that green things would never cease pushing
their way through the earth, in the grass, in the beds, even in the
crevices of the walls. Then the green things began to show buds and the
buds began to unfurl and show color, every shade of blue, every shade
of purple, every tint and hue of crimson. In its happy days flowers had
been tucked away into every inch and hole and corner. Ben Weatherstaff
had seen it done and had himself scraped out mortar from between the
bricks of the wall and made pockets of earth for lovely clinging things
to grow on. Iris and white lilies rose out of the grass in sheaves, and
the green alcoves filled themselves with amazing armies of the blue and
white flower lances of tall delphiniums or columbines or campanulas.

“She was main fond o’ them—she was,” Ben Weatherstaff said. “She liked
them things as was allus pointin’ up to th’ blue sky, she used to tell.
Not as she was one o’ them as looked down on th’ earth—not her. She
just loved it but she said as th’ blue sky allus looked so joyful.”

The seeds Dickon and Mary had planted grew as if fairies had tended
them. Satiny poppies of all tints danced in the breeze by the score,
gaily defying flowers which had lived in the garden for years and which
it might be confessed seemed rather to wonder how such new people had
got there. And the roses—the roses! Rising out of the grass, tangled
round the sun-dial, wreathing the tree trunks and hanging from their
branches, climbing up the walls and spreading over them with long
garlands falling in cascades—they came alive day by day, hour by hour.
Fair fresh leaves, and buds—and buds—tiny at first but swelling and
working Magic until they burst and uncurled into cups of scent
delicately spilling themselves over their brims and filling the garden
air.

Colin saw it all, watching each change as it took place. Every morning
he was brought out and every hour of each day when it didn’t rain he
spent in the garden. Even gray days pleased him. He would lie on the
grass “watching things growing,” he said. If you watched long enough,
he declared, you could see buds unsheath themselves. Also you could
make the acquaintance of strange busy insect things running about on
various unknown but evidently serious errands, sometimes carrying tiny
scraps of straw or feather or food, or climbing blades of grass as if
they were trees from whose tops one could look out to explore the
country. A mole throwing up its mound at the end of its burrow and
making its way out at last with the long-nailed paws which looked so
like elfish hands, had absorbed him one whole morning. Ants’ ways,
beetles’ ways, bees’ ways, frogs’ ways, birds’ ways, plants’ ways, gave
him a new world to explore and when Dickon revealed them all and added
foxes’ ways, otters’ ways, ferrets’ ways, squirrels’ ways, and trout’
and water-rats’ and badgers’ ways, there was no end to the things to
talk about and think over.

And this was not the half of the Magic. The fact that he had really
once stood on his feet had set Colin thinking tremendously and when
Mary told him of the spell she had worked he was excited and approved
of it greatly. He talked of it constantly.

“Of course there must be lots of Magic in the world,” he said wisely
one day, “but people don’t know what it is like or how to make it.
Perhaps the beginning is just to say nice things are going to happen
until you make them happen. I am going to try and experiment.”

The next morning when they went to the secret garden he sent at once
for Ben Weatherstaff. Ben came as quickly as he could and found the
Rajah standing on his feet under a tree and looking very grand but also
very beautifully smiling.

“Good morning, Ben Weatherstaff,” he said. “I want you and Dickon and
Miss Mary to stand in a row and listen to me because I am going to tell
you something very important.”

“Aye, aye, sir!” answered Ben Weatherstaff, touching his forehead. (One
of the long concealed charms of Ben Weatherstaff was that in his
boyhood he had once run away to sea and had made voyages. So he could
reply like a sailor.)

“I am going to try a scientific experiment,” explained the Rajah. “When
I grow up I am going to make great scientific discoveries and I am
going to begin now with this experiment.”

“Aye, aye, sir!” said Ben Weatherstaff promptly, though this was the
first time he had heard of great scientific discoveries.

It was the first time Mary had heard of them, either, but even at this
stage she had begun to realize that, queer as he was, Colin had read
about a great many singular things and was somehow a very convincing
sort of boy. When he held up his head and fixed his strange eyes on you
it seemed as if you believed him almost in spite of yourself though he
was only ten years old—going on eleven. At this moment he was
especially convincing because he suddenly felt the fascination of
actually making a sort of speech like a grown-up person.

“The great scientific discoveries I am going to make,” he went on,
“will be about Magic. Magic is a great thing and scarcely anyone knows
anything about it except a few people in old books—and Mary a little,
because she was born in India where there are fakirs. I believe Dickon
knows some Magic, but perhaps he doesn’t know he knows it. He charms
animals and people. I would never have let him come to see me if he had
not been an animal charmer—which is a boy charmer, too, because a boy
is an animal. I am sure there is Magic in everything, only we have not
sense enough to get hold of it and make it do things for us—like
electricity and horses and steam.”

This sounded so imposing that Ben Weatherstaff became quite excited and
really could not keep still.

“Aye, aye, sir,” he said and he began to stand up quite straight.

“When Mary found this garden it looked quite dead,” the orator
proceeded. “Then something began pushing things up out of the soil and
making things out of nothing. One day things weren’t there and another
they were. I had never watched things before and it made me feel very
curious. Scientific people are always curious and I am going to be
scientific. I keep saying to myself, ‘What is it? What is it?’ It’s
something. It can’t be nothing! I don’t know its name so I call it
Magic. I have never seen the sun rise but Mary and Dickon have and from
what they tell me I am sure that is Magic too. Something pushes it up
and draws it. Sometimes since I’ve been in the garden I’ve looked up
through the trees at the sky and I have had a strange feeling of being
happy as if something were pushing and drawing in my chest and making
me breathe fast. Magic is always pushing and drawing and making things
out of nothing. Everything is made out of Magic, leaves and trees,
flowers and birds, badgers and foxes and squirrels and people. So it
must be all around us. In this garden—in all the places. The Magic in
this garden has made me stand up and know I am going to live to be a
man. I am going to make the scientific experiment of trying to get some
and put it in myself and make it push and draw me and make me strong. I
don’t know how to do it but I think that if you keep thinking about it
and calling it perhaps it will come. Perhaps that is the first baby way
to get it. When I was going to try to stand that first time Mary kept
saying to herself as fast as she could, ‘You can do it! You can do it!’
and I did. I had to try myself at the same time, of course, but her
Magic helped me—and so did Dickon’s. Every morning and evening and as
often in the daytime as I can remember I am going to say, ‘Magic is in
me! Magic is making me well! I am going to be as strong as Dickon, as
strong as Dickon!’ And you must all do it, too. That is my experiment
Will you help, Ben Weatherstaff?”

“Aye, aye, sir!” said Ben Weatherstaff. “Aye, aye!”

“If you keep doing it every day as regularly as soldiers go through
drill we shall see what will happen and find out if the experiment
succeeds. You learn things by saying them over and over and thinking
about them until they stay in your mind forever and I think it will be
the same with Magic. If you keep calling it to come to you and help you
it will get to be part of you and it will stay and do things.”

“I once heard an officer in India tell my mother that there were fakirs
who said words over and over thousands of times,” said Mary.

“I’ve heard Jem Fettleworth’s wife say th’ same thing over thousands o’
times—callin’ Jem a drunken brute,” said Ben Weatherstaff dryly.
“Summat allus come o’ that, sure enough. He gave her a good hidin’ an’
went to th’ Blue Lion an’ got as drunk as a lord.”

Colin drew his brows together and thought a few minutes. Then he
cheered up.

“Well,” he said, “you see something did come of it. She used the wrong
Magic until she made him beat her. If she’d used the right Magic and
had said something nice perhaps he wouldn’t have got as drunk as a lord
and perhaps—perhaps he might have bought her a new bonnet.”

Ben Weatherstaff chuckled and there was shrewd admiration in his little
old eyes.

“Tha’rt a clever lad as well as a straight-legged one, Mester Colin,”
he said. “Next time I see Bess Fettleworth I’ll give her a bit of a
hint o’ what Magic will do for her. She’d be rare an’ pleased if th’
sinetifik ’speriment worked—an’ so ’ud Jem.”

Dickon had stood listening to the lecture, his round eyes shining with
curious delight. Nut and Shell were on his shoulders and he held a
long-eared white rabbit in his arm and stroked and stroked it softly
while it laid its ears along its back and enjoyed itself.

“Do you think the experiment will work?” Colin asked him, wondering
what he was thinking. He so often wondered what Dickon was thinking
when he saw him looking at him or at one of his “creatures” with his
happy wide smile.

He smiled now and his smile was wider than usual.

“Aye,” he answered, “that I do. It’ll work same as th’ seeds do when
th’ sun shines on ’em. It’ll work for sure. Shall us begin it now?”

Colin was delighted and so was Mary. Fired by recollections of fakirs
and devotees in illustrations Colin suggested that they should all sit
cross-legged under the tree which made a canopy.

“It will be like sitting in a sort of temple,” said Colin. “I’m rather
tired and I want to sit down.”

“Eh!” said Dickon, “tha’ mustn’t begin by sayin’ tha’rt tired. Tha’
might spoil th’ Magic.”

Colin turned and looked at him—into his innocent round eyes.

“That’s true,” he said slowly. “I must only think of the Magic.”

It all seemed most majestic and mysterious when they sat down in their
circle. Ben Weatherstaff felt as if he had somehow been led into
appearing at a prayer-meeting. Ordinarily he was very fixed in being
what he called “agen’ prayer-meetin’s” but this being the Rajah’s
affair he did not resent it and was indeed inclined to be gratified at
being called upon to assist. Mistress Mary felt solemnly enraptured.
Dickon held his rabbit in his arm, and perhaps he made some charmer’s
signal no one heard, for when he sat down, cross-legged like the rest,
the crow, the fox, the squirrels and the lamb slowly drew near and made
part of the circle, settling each into a place of rest as if of their
own desire.

“The ‘creatures’ have come,” said Colin gravely. “They want to help
us.”

Colin really looked quite beautiful, Mary thought. He held his head
high as if he felt like a sort of priest and his strange eyes had a
wonderful look in them. The light shone on him through the tree canopy.

“Now we will begin,” he said. “Shall we sway backward and forward,
Mary, as if we were dervishes?”

“I canna’ do no swayin’ back’ard and for’ard,” said Ben Weatherstaff.
“I’ve got th’ rheumatics.”

“The Magic will take them away,” said Colin in a High Priest tone, “but
we won’t sway until it has done it. We will only chant.”

“I canna’ do no chantin’” said Ben Weatherstaff a trifle testily. “They
turned me out o’ th’ church choir th’ only time I ever tried it.”

No one smiled. They were all too much in earnest. Colin’s face was not
even crossed by a shadow. He was thinking only of the Magic.

“Then I will chant,” he said. And he began, looking like a strange boy
spirit. “The sun is shining—the sun is shining. That is the Magic. The
flowers are growing—the roots are stirring. That is the Magic. Being
alive is the Magic—being strong is the Magic. The Magic is in me—the
Magic is in me. It is in me—it is in me. It’s in everyone of us. It’s
in Ben Weatherstaff’s back. Magic! Magic! Come and help!”

He said it a great many times—not a thousand times but quite a goodly
number. Mary listened entranced. She felt as if it were at once queer
and beautiful and she wanted him to go on and on. Ben Weatherstaff
began to feel soothed into a sort of dream which was quite agreeable.
The humming of the bees in the blossoms mingled with the chanting voice
and drowsily melted into a doze. Dickon sat cross-legged with his
rabbit asleep on his arm and a hand resting on the lamb’s back. Soot
had pushed away a squirrel and huddled close to him on his shoulder,
the gray film dropped over his eyes. At last Colin stopped.

“Now I am going to walk round the garden,” he announced.

Ben Weatherstaff’s head had just dropped forward and he lifted it with
a jerk.

“You have been asleep,” said Colin.

“Nowt o’ th’ sort,” mumbled Ben. “Th’ sermon was good enow—but I’m
bound to get out afore th’ collection.”

He was not quite awake yet.

“You’re not in church,” said Colin.

“Not me,” said Ben, straightening himself. “Who said I were? I heard
every bit of it. You said th’ Magic was in my back. Th’ doctor calls it
rheumatics.”

The Rajah waved his hand.

“That was the wrong Magic,” he said. “You will get better. You have my
permission to go to your work. But come back tomorrow.”

“I’d like to see thee walk round the garden,” grunted Ben.

It was not an unfriendly grunt, but it was a grunt. In fact, being a
stubborn old party and not having entire faith in Magic he had made up
his mind that if he were sent away he would climb his ladder and look
over the wall so that he might be ready to hobble back if there were
any stumbling.

The Rajah did not object to his staying and so the procession was
formed. It really did look like a procession. Colin was at its head
with Dickon on one side and Mary on the other. Ben Weatherstaff walked
behind, and the “creatures” trailed after them, the lamb and the fox
cub keeping close to Dickon, the white rabbit hopping along or stopping
to nibble and Soot following with the solemnity of a person who felt
himself in charge.

It was a procession which moved slowly but with dignity. Every few
yards it stopped to rest. Colin leaned on Dickon’s arm and privately
Ben Weatherstaff kept a sharp lookout, but now and then Colin took his
hand from its support and walked a few steps alone. His head was held
up all the time and he looked very grand.

“The Magic is in me!” he kept saying. “The Magic is making me strong! I
can feel it! I can feel it!”

It seemed very certain that something was upholding and uplifting him.
He sat on the seats in the alcoves, and once or twice he sat down on
the grass and several times he paused in the path and leaned on Dickon,
but he would not give up until he had gone all round the garden. When
he returned to the canopy tree his cheeks were flushed and he looked
triumphant.

“I did it! The Magic worked!” he cried. “That is my first scientific
discovery.”

“What will Dr. Craven say?” broke out Mary.

“He won’t say anything,” Colin answered, “because he will not be told.
This is to be the biggest secret of all. No one is to know anything
about it until I have grown so strong that I can walk and run like any
other boy. I shall come here every day in my chair and I shall be taken
back in it. I won’t have people whispering and asking questions and I
won’t let my father hear about it until the experiment has quite
succeeded. Then sometime when he comes back to Misselthwaite I shall
just walk into his study and say ‘Here I am; I am like any other boy. I
am quite well and I shall live to be a man. It has been done by a
scientific experiment.’”

“He will think he is in a dream,” cried Mary. “He won’t believe his
eyes.”

Colin flushed triumphantly. He had made himself believe that he was
going to get well, which was really more than half the battle, if he
had been aware of it. And the thought which stimulated him more than
any other was this imagining what his father would look like when he
saw that he had a son who was as straight and strong as other fathers’
sons. One of his darkest miseries in the unhealthy morbid past days had
been his hatred of being a sickly weak-backed boy whose father was
afraid to look at him.

“He’ll be obliged to believe them,” he said.

“One of the things I am going to do, after the Magic works and before I
begin to make scientific discoveries, is to be an athlete.”

“We shall have thee takin’ to boxin’ in a week or so,” said Ben
Weatherstaff. “Tha’lt end wi’ winnin’ th’ Belt an’ bein’ champion
prize-fighter of all England.”

Colin fixed his eyes on him sternly.

“Weatherstaff,” he said, “that is disrespectful. You must not take
liberties because you are in the secret. However much the Magic works I
shall not be a prize-fighter. I shall be a Scientific Discoverer.”

“Ax pardon—ax pardon, sir” answered Ben, touching his forehead in
salute. “I ought to have seed it wasn’t a jokin’ matter,” but his eyes
twinkled and secretly he was immensely pleased. He really did not mind
being snubbed since the snubbing meant that the lad was gaining
strength and spirit.




CHAPTER XXIV.
“LET THEM LAUGH”


The secret garden was not the only one Dickon worked in. Round the
cottage on the moor there was a piece of ground enclosed by a low wall
of rough stones. Early in the morning and late in the fading twilight
and on all the days Colin and Mary did not see him, Dickon worked there
planting or tending potatoes and cabbages, turnips and carrots and
herbs for his mother. In the company of his “creatures” he did wonders
there and was never tired of doing them, it seemed. While he dug or
weeded he whistled or sang bits of Yorkshire moor songs or talked to
Soot or Captain or the brothers and sisters he had taught to help him.

“We’d never get on as comfortable as we do,” Mrs. Sowerby said, “if it
wasn’t for Dickon’s garden. Anything’ll grow for him. His ’taters and
cabbages is twice th’ size of anyone else’s an’ they’ve got a flavor
with ’em as nobody’s has.”

When she found a moment to spare she liked to go out and talk to him.
After supper there was still a long clear twilight to work in and that
was her quiet time. She could sit upon the low rough wall and look on
and hear stories of the day. She loved this time. There were not only
vegetables in this garden. Dickon had bought penny packages of flower
seeds now and then and sown bright sweet-scented things among
gooseberry bushes and even cabbages and he grew borders of mignonette
and pinks and pansies and things whose seeds he could save year after
year or whose roots would bloom each spring and spread in time into
fine clumps. The low wall was one of the prettiest things in Yorkshire
because he had tucked moorland foxglove and ferns and rock-cress and
hedgerow flowers into every crevice until only here and there glimpses
of the stones were to be seen.

“All a chap’s got to do to make ’em thrive, mother,” he would say, “is
to be friends with ’em for sure. They’re just like th’ ‘creatures.’ If
they’re thirsty give ’em drink and if they’re hungry give ’em a bit o’
food. They want to live same as we do. If they died I should feel as if
I’d been a bad lad and somehow treated them heartless.”

It was in these twilight hours that Mrs. Sowerby heard of all that
happened at Misselthwaite Manor. At first she was only told that
“Mester Colin” had taken a fancy to going out into the grounds with
Miss Mary and that it was doing him good. But it was not long before it
was agreed between the two children that Dickon’s mother might “come
into the secret.” Somehow it was not doubted that she was “safe for
sure.”

So one beautiful still evening Dickon told the whole story, with all
the thrilling details of the buried key and the robin and the gray haze
which had seemed like deadness and the secret Mistress Mary had planned
never to reveal. The coming of Dickon and how it had been told to him,
the doubt of Mester Colin and the final drama of his introduction to
the hidden domain, combined with the incident of Ben Weatherstaff’s
angry face peering over the wall and Mester Colin’s sudden indignant
strength, made Mrs. Sowerby’s nice-looking face quite change color
several times.

“My word!” she said. “It was a good thing that little lass came to th’
Manor. It’s been th’ makin’ o’ her an’ th’ savin, o’ him. Standin’ on
his feet! An’ us all thinkin’ he was a poor half-witted lad with not a
straight bone in him.”

She asked a great many questions and her blue eyes were full of deep
thinking.

“What do they make of it at th’ Manor—him being so well an’ cheerful
an’ never complainin’?” she inquired.

“They don’t know what to make of it,” answered Dickon. “Every day as
comes round his face looks different. It’s fillin’ out and doesn’t look
so sharp an’ th’ waxy color is goin’. But he has to do his bit o’
complainin’,” with a highly entertained grin.

“What for, i’ Mercy’s name?” asked Mrs. Sowerby.

Dickon chuckled.

“He does it to keep them from guessin’ what’s happened. If the doctor
knew he’d found out he could stand on his feet he’d likely write and
tell Mester Craven. Mester Colin’s savin’ th’ secret to tell himself.
He’s goin’ to practise his Magic on his legs every day till his father
comes back an’ then he’s goin’ to march into his room an’ show him he’s
as straight as other lads. But him an’ Miss Mary thinks it’s best plan
to do a bit o’ groanin’ an’ frettin’ now an’ then to throw folk off th’
scent.”

Mrs. Sowerby was laughing a low comfortable laugh long before he had
finished his last sentence.

“Eh!” she said, “that pair’s enjoyin’ theirselves I’ll warrant. They’ll
get a good bit o’ actin’ out of it an’ there’s nothin’ children likes
as much as play actin’. Let’s hear what they do, Dickon lad.”

Dickon stopped weeding and sat up on his heels to tell her. His eyes
were twinkling with fun.

“Mester Colin is carried down to his chair every time he goes out,” he
explained. “An’ he flies out at John, th’ footman, for not carryin’ him
careful enough. He makes himself as helpless lookin’ as he can an’
never lifts his head until we’re out o’ sight o’ th’ house. An’ he
grunts an’ frets a good bit when he’s bein’ settled into his chair. Him
an’ Miss Mary’s both got to enjoyin’ it an’ when he groans an’
complains she’ll say, ‘Poor Colin! Does it hurt you so much? Are you so
weak as that, poor Colin?’—but th’ trouble is that sometimes they can
scarce keep from burstin’ out laughin’. When we get safe into the
garden they laugh till they’ve no breath left to laugh with. An’ they
have to stuff their faces into Mester Colin’s cushions to keep the
gardeners from hearin’, if any of, ’em’s about.”

“Th’ more they laugh th’ better for ’em!” said Mrs. Sowerby, still
laughing herself. “Good healthy child laughin’s better than pills any
day o’ th’ year. That pair’ll plump up for sure.”

“They are plumpin’ up,” said Dickon. “They’re that hungry they don’t
know how to get enough to eat without makin’ talk. Mester Colin says if
he keeps sendin’ for more food they won’t believe he’s an invalid at
all. Miss Mary says she’ll let him eat her share, but he says that if
she goes hungry she’ll get thin an’ they mun both get fat at once.”

Mrs. Sowerby laughed so heartily at the revelation of this difficulty
that she quite rocked backward and forward in her blue cloak, and
Dickon laughed with her.

“I’ll tell thee what, lad,” Mrs. Sowerby said when she could speak.
“I’ve thought of a way to help ’em. When tha’ goes to ’em in th’
mornin’s tha’ shall take a pail o’ good new milk an’ I’ll bake ’em a
crusty cottage loaf or some buns wi’ currants in ’em, same as you
children like. Nothin’s so good as fresh milk an’ bread. Then they
could take off th’ edge o’ their hunger while they were in their garden
an’ th, fine food they get indoors ’ud polish off th’ corners.”

“Eh! mother!” said Dickon admiringly, “what a wonder tha’ art! Tha’
always sees a way out o’ things. They was quite in a pother yesterday.
They didn’t see how they was to manage without orderin’ up more
food—they felt that empty inside.”

“They’re two young ’uns growin’ fast, an’ health’s comin’ back to both
of ’em. Children like that feels like young wolves an’ food’s flesh an’
blood to ’em,” said Mrs. Sowerby. Then she smiled Dickon’s own curving
smile. “Eh! but they’re enjoyin’ theirselves for sure,” she said.

She was quite right, the comfortable wonderful mother creature—and she
had never been more so than when she said their “play actin’” would be
their joy. Colin and Mary found it one of their most thrilling sources
of entertainment. The idea of protecting themselves from suspicion had
been unconsciously suggested to them first by the puzzled nurse and
then by Dr. Craven himself.

“Your appetite. Is improving very much, Master Colin,” the nurse had
said one day. “You used to eat nothing, and so many things disagreed
with you.”

“Nothing disagrees with me now” replied Colin, and then seeing the
nurse looking at him curiously he suddenly remembered that perhaps he
ought not to appear too well just yet. “At least things don’t so often
disagree with me. It’s the fresh air.”

“Perhaps it is,” said the nurse, still looking at him with a mystified
expression. “But I must talk to Dr. Craven about it.”

“How she stared at you!” said Mary when she went away. “As if she
thought there must be something to find out.”

“I won’t have her finding out things,” said Colin. “No one must begin
to find out yet.”

When Dr. Craven came that morning he seemed puzzled, also. He asked a
number of questions, to Colin’s great annoyance.

“You stay out in the garden a great deal,” he suggested. “Where do you
go?”

Colin put on his favorite air of dignified indifference to opinion.

“I will not let anyone know where I go,” he answered. “I go to a place
I like. Everyone has orders to keep out of the way. I won’t be watched
and stared at. You know that!”

“You seem to be out all day but I do not think it has done you harm—I
do not think so. The nurse says that you eat much more than you have
ever done before.”

“Perhaps,” said Colin, prompted by a sudden inspiration, “perhaps it is
an unnatural appetite.”

“I do not think so, as your food seems to agree with you,” said Dr.
Craven. “You are gaining flesh rapidly and your color is better.”

“Perhaps—perhaps I am bloated and feverish,” said Colin, assuming a
discouraging air of gloom. “People who are not going to live are
often—different.”

Dr. Craven shook his head. He was holding Colin’s wrist and he pushed
up his sleeve and felt his arm.

“You are not feverish,” he said thoughtfully, “and such flesh as you
have gained is healthy. If you can keep this up, my boy, we need not
talk of dying. Your father will be happy to hear of this remarkable
improvement.”

“I won’t have him told!” Colin broke forth fiercely. “It will only
disappoint him if I get worse again—and I may get worse this very
night. I might have a raging fever. I feel as if I might be beginning
to have one now. I won’t have letters written to my father—I won’t—I
won’t! You are making me angry and you know that is bad for me. I feel
hot already. I hate being written about and being talked over as much
as I hate being stared at!”

“Hush-h! my boy,” Dr. Craven soothed him. “Nothing shall be written
without your permission. You are too sensitive about things. You must
not undo the good which has been done.”

He said no more about writing to Mr. Craven and when he saw the nurse
he privately warned her that such a possibility must not be mentioned
to the patient.

“The boy is extraordinarily better,” he said. “His advance seems almost
abnormal. But of course he is doing now of his own free will what we
could not make him do before. Still, he excites himself very easily and
nothing must be said to irritate him.”

Mary and Colin were much alarmed and talked together anxiously. From
this time dated their plan of “play actin’.”

“I may be obliged to have a tantrum,” said Colin regretfully. “I don’t
want to have one and I’m not miserable enough now to work myself into a
big one. Perhaps I couldn’t have one at all. That lump doesn’t come in
my throat now and I keep thinking of nice things instead of horrible
ones. But if they talk about writing to my father I shall have to do
something.”

He made up his mind to eat less, but unfortunately it was not possible
to carry out this brilliant idea when he wakened each morning with an
amazing appetite and the table near his sofa was set with a breakfast
of home-made bread and fresh butter, snow-white eggs, raspberry jam and
clotted cream. Mary always breakfasted with him and when they found
themselves at the table—particularly if there were delicate slices of
sizzling ham sending forth tempting odors from under a hot silver
cover—they would look into each other’s eyes in desperation.

“I think we shall have to eat it all this morning, Mary,” Colin always
ended by saying. “We can send away some of the lunch and a great deal
of the dinner.”

But they never found they could send away anything and the highly
polished condition of the empty plates returned to the pantry awakened
much comment.

“I do wish,” Colin would say also, “I do wish the slices of ham were
thicker, and one muffin each is not enough for anyone.”

“It’s enough for a person who is going to die,” answered Mary when
first she heard this, “but it’s not enough for a person who is going to
live. I sometimes feel as if I could eat three when those nice fresh
heather and gorse smells from the moor come pouring in at the open
window.”

The morning that Dickon—after they had been enjoying themselves in the
garden for about two hours—went behind a big rosebush and brought forth
two tin pails and revealed that one was full of rich new milk with
cream on the top of it, and that the other held cottage-made currant
buns folded in a clean blue and white napkin, buns so carefully tucked
in that they were still hot, there was a riot of surprised joyfulness.
What a wonderful thing for Mrs. Sowerby to think of! What a kind,
clever woman she must be! How good the buns were! And what delicious
fresh milk!

“Magic is in her just as it is in Dickon,” said Colin. “It makes her
think of ways to do things—nice things. She is a Magic person. Tell her
we are grateful, Dickon—extremely grateful.”

He was given to using rather grown-up phrases at times. He enjoyed
them. He liked this so much that he improved upon it.

“Tell her she has been most bounteous and our gratitude is extreme.”

And then forgetting his grandeur he fell to and stuffed himself with
buns and drank milk out of the pail in copious draughts in the manner
of any hungry little boy who had been taking unusual exercise and
breathing in moorland air and whose breakfast was more than two hours
behind him.

This was the beginning of many agreeable incidents of the same kind.
They actually awoke to the fact that as Mrs. Sowerby had fourteen
people to provide food for she might not have enough to satisfy two
extra appetites every day. So they asked her to let them send some of
their shillings to buy things.

Dickon made the stimulating discovery that in the wood in the park
outside the garden where Mary had first found him piping to the wild
creatures there was a deep little hollow where you could build a sort
of tiny oven with stones and roast potatoes and eggs in it. Roasted
eggs were a previously unknown luxury and very hot potatoes with salt
and fresh butter in them were fit for a woodland king—besides being
deliciously satisfying. You could buy both potatoes and eggs and eat as
many as you liked without feeling as if you were taking food out of the
mouths of fourteen people.

Every beautiful morning the Magic was worked by the mystic circle under
the plum-tree which provided a canopy of thickening green leaves after
its brief blossom-time was ended. After the ceremony Colin always took
his walking exercise and throughout the day he exercised his newly
found power at intervals. Each day he grew stronger and could walk more
steadily and cover more ground. And each day his belief in the Magic
grew stronger—as well it might. He tried one experiment after another
as he felt himself gaining strength and it was Dickon who showed him
the best things of all.

“Yesterday,” he said one morning after an absence, “I went to Thwaite
for mother an’ near th’ Blue Cow Inn I seed Bob Haworth. He’s the
strongest chap on th’ moor. He’s the champion wrestler an’ he can jump
higher than any other chap an’ throw th’ hammer farther. He’s gone all
th’ way to Scotland for th’ sports some years. He’s knowed me ever
since I was a little ’un an’ he’s a friendly sort an’ I axed him some
questions. Th’ gentry calls him a athlete and I thought o’ thee, Mester
Colin, and I says, ‘How did tha’ make tha’ muscles stick out that way,
Bob? Did tha’ do anythin’ extra to make thysel’ so strong?’ An’ he says
‘Well, yes, lad, I did. A strong man in a show that came to Thwaite
once showed me how to exercise my arms an’ legs an’ every muscle in my
body. An’ I says, ‘Could a delicate chap make himself stronger with
’em, Bob?’ an’ he laughed an’ says, ‘Art tha’ th’ delicate chap?’ an’ I
says, ‘No, but I knows a young gentleman that’s gettin’ well of a long
illness an’ I wish I knowed some o’ them tricks to tell him about.’ I
didn’t say no names an’ he didn’t ask none. He’s friendly same as I
said an’ he stood up an’ showed me good-natured like, an’ I imitated
what he did till I knowed it by heart.”

Colin had been listening excitedly.

“Can you show me?” he cried. “Will you?”

“Aye, to be sure,” Dickon answered, getting up. “But he says tha’ mun
do ’em gentle at first an’ be careful not to tire thysel’. Rest in
between times an’ take deep breaths an’ don’t overdo.”

“I’ll be careful,” said Colin. “Show me! Show me! Dickon, you are the
most Magic boy in the world!”

Dickon stood up on the grass and slowly went through a carefully
practical but simple series of muscle exercises. Colin watched them
with widening eyes. He could do a few while he was sitting down.
Presently he did a few gently while he stood upon his already steadied
feet. Mary began to do them also. Soot, who was watching the
performance, became much disturbed and left his branch and hopped about
restlessly because he could not do them too.

From that time the exercises were part of the day’s duties as much as
the Magic was. It became possible for both Colin and Mary to do more of
them each time they tried, and such appetites were the results that but
for the basket Dickon put down behind the bush each morning when he
arrived they would have been lost. But the little oven in the hollow
and Mrs. Sowerby’s bounties were so satisfying that Mrs. Medlock and
the nurse and Dr. Craven became mystified again. You can trifle with
your breakfast and seem to disdain your dinner if you are full to the
brim with roasted eggs and potatoes and richly frothed new milk and
oatcakes and buns and heather honey and clotted cream.

“They are eating next to nothing,” said the nurse. “They’ll die of
starvation if they can’t be persuaded to take some nourishment. And yet
see how they look.”

“Look!” exclaimed Mrs. Medlock indignantly. “Eh! I’m moithered to death
with them. They’re a pair of young Satans. Bursting their jackets one
day and the next turning up their noses at the best meals Cook can
tempt them with. Not a mouthful of that lovely young fowl and bread
sauce did they set a fork into yesterday—and the poor woman fair
_invented_ a pudding for them—and back it’s sent. She almost cried.
She’s afraid she’ll be blamed if they starve themselves into their
graves.”

Dr. Craven came and looked at Colin long and carefully, He wore an
extremely worried expression when the nurse talked with him and showed
him the almost untouched tray of breakfast she had saved for him to
look at—but it was even more worried when he sat down by Colin’s sofa
and examined him. He had been called to London on business and had not
seen the boy for nearly two weeks. When young things begin to gain
health they gain it rapidly. The waxen tinge had left, Colins skin and
a warm rose showed through it; his beautiful eyes were clear and the
hollows under them and in his cheeks and temples had filled out. His
once dark, heavy locks had begun to look as if they sprang healthily
from his forehead and were soft and warm with life. His lips were
fuller and of a normal color. In fact as an imitation of a boy who was
a confirmed invalid he was a disgraceful sight. Dr. Craven held his
chin in his hand and thought him over.

“I am sorry to hear that you do not eat anything,” he said. “That will
not do. You will lose all you have gained—and you have gained
amazingly. You ate so well a short time ago.”

“I told you it was an unnatural appetite,” answered Colin.

Mary was sitting on her stool nearby and she suddenly made a very queer
sound which she tried so violently to repress that she ended by almost
choking.

“What is the matter?” said Dr. Craven, turning to look at her.

Mary became quite severe in her manner.

“It was something between a sneeze and a cough,” she replied with
reproachful dignity, “and it got into my throat.”

“But,” she said afterward to Colin, “I couldn’t stop myself. It just
burst out because all at once I couldn’t help remembering that last big
potato you ate and the way your mouth stretched when you bit through
that thick lovely crust with jam and clotted cream on it.”

“Is there any way in which those children can get food secretly?” Dr.
Craven inquired of Mrs. Medlock.

“There’s no way unless they dig it out of the earth or pick it off the
trees,” Mrs. Medlock answered. “They stay out in the grounds all day
and see no one but each other. And if they want anything different to
eat from what’s sent up to them they need only ask for it.”

“Well,” said Dr. Craven, “so long as going without food agrees with
them we need not disturb ourselves. The boy is a new creature.”

“So is the girl,” said Mrs. Medlock. “She’s begun to be downright
pretty since she’s filled out and lost her ugly little sour look. Her
hair’s grown thick and healthy looking and she’s got a bright color.
The glummest, ill-natured little thing she used to be and now her and
Master Colin laugh together like a pair of crazy young ones. Perhaps
they’re growing fat on that.”

“Perhaps they are,” said Dr. Craven. “Let them laugh.”




CHAPTER XXV.
THE CURTAIN


And the secret garden bloomed and bloomed and every morning revealed
new miracles. In the robin’s nest there were Eggs and the robin’s mate
sat upon them keeping them warm with her feathery little breast and
careful wings. At first she was very nervous and the robin himself was
indignantly watchful. Even Dickon did not go near the close-grown
corner in those days, but waited until by the quiet working of some
mysterious spell he seemed to have conveyed to the soul of the little
pair that in the garden there was nothing which was not quite like
themselves—nothing which did not understand the wonderfulness of what
was happening to them—the immense, tender, terrible, heart-breaking
beauty and solemnity of Eggs. If there had been one person in that
garden who had not known through all his or her innermost being that if
an Egg were taken away or hurt the whole world would whirl round and
crash through space and come to an end—if there had been even one who
did not feel it and act accordingly there could have been no happiness
even in that golden springtime air. But they all knew it and felt it
and the robin and his mate knew they knew it.

At first the robin watched Mary and Colin with sharp anxiety. For some
mysterious reason he knew he need not watch Dickon. The first moment he
set his dew-bright black eye on Dickon he knew he was not a stranger
but a sort of robin without beak or feathers. He could speak robin
(which is a quite distinct language not to be mistaken for any other).
To speak robin to a robin is like speaking French to a Frenchman.
Dickon always spoke it to the robin himself, so the queer gibberish he
used when he spoke to humans did not matter in the least. The robin
thought he spoke this gibberish to them because they were not
intelligent enough to understand feathered speech. His movements also
were robin. They never startled one by being sudden enough to seem
dangerous or threatening. Any robin could understand Dickon, so his
presence was not even disturbing.

But at the outset it seemed necessary to be on guard against the other
two. In the first place the boy creature did not come into the garden
on his legs. He was pushed in on a thing with wheels and the skins of
wild animals were thrown over him. That in itself was doubtful. Then
when he began to stand up and move about he did it in a queer
unaccustomed way and the others seemed to have to help him. The robin
used to secrete himself in a bush and watch this anxiously, his head
tilted first on one side and then on the other. He thought that the
slow movements might mean that he was preparing to pounce, as cats do.
When cats are preparing to pounce they creep over the ground very
slowly. The robin talked this over with his mate a great deal for a few
days but after that he decided not to speak of the subject because her
terror was so great that he was afraid it might be injurious to the
Eggs.

When the boy began to walk by himself and even to move more quickly it
was an immense relief. But for a long time—or it seemed a long time to
the robin—he was a source of some anxiety. He did not act as the other
humans did. He seemed very fond of walking but he had a way of sitting
or lying down for a while and then getting up in a disconcerting manner
to begin again.

One day the robin remembered that when he himself had been made to
learn to fly by his parents he had done much the same sort of thing. He
had taken short flights of a few yards and then had been obliged to
rest. So it occurred to him that this boy was learning to fly—or rather
to walk. He mentioned this to his mate and when he told her that the
Eggs would probably conduct themselves in the same way after they were
fledged she was quite comforted and even became eagerly interested and
derived great pleasure from watching the boy over the edge of her
nest—though she always thought that the Eggs would be much cleverer and
learn more quickly. But then she said indulgently that humans were
always more clumsy and slow than Eggs and most of them never seemed
really to learn to fly at all. You never met them in the air or on
tree-tops.

After a while the boy began to move about as the others did, but all
three of the children at times did unusual things. They would stand
under the trees and move their arms and legs and heads about in a way
which was neither walking nor running nor sitting down. They went
through these movements at intervals every day and the robin was never
able to explain to his mate what they were doing or tying to do. He
could only say that he was sure that the Eggs would never flap about in
such a manner; but as the boy who could speak robin so fluently was
doing the thing with them, birds could be quite sure that the actions
were not of a dangerous nature. Of course neither the robin nor his
mate had ever heard of the champion wrestler, Bob Haworth, and his
exercises for making the muscles stand out like lumps. Robins are not
like human beings; their muscles are always exercised from the first
and so they develop themselves in a natural manner. If you have to fly
about to find every meal you eat, your muscles do not become atrophied
(atrophied means wasted away through want of use).

When the boy was walking and running about and digging and weeding like
the others, the nest in the corner was brooded over by a great peace
and content. Fears for the Eggs became things of the past. Knowing that
your Eggs were as safe as if they were locked in a bank vault and the
fact that you could watch so many curious things going on made setting
a most entertaining occupation. On wet days the Eggs’ mother sometimes
felt even a little dull because the children did not come into the
garden.

But even on wet days it could not be said that Mary and Colin were
dull. One morning when the rain streamed down unceasingly and Colin was
beginning to feel a little restive, as he was obliged to remain on his
sofa because it was not safe to get up and walk about, Mary had an
inspiration.

“Now that I am a real boy,” Colin had said, “my legs and arms and all
my body are so full of Magic that I can’t keep them still. They want to
be doing things all the time. Do you know that when I waken in the
morning, Mary, when it’s quite early and the birds are just shouting
outside and everything seems just shouting for joy—even the trees and
things we can’t really hear—I feel as if I must jump out of bed and
shout myself. If I did it, just think what would happen!”

Mary giggled inordinately.

“The nurse would come running and Mrs. Medlock would come running and
they would be sure you had gone crazy and they’d send for the doctor,”
she said.

Colin giggled himself. He could see how they would all look—how
horrified by his outbreak and how amazed to see him standing upright.

“I wish my father would come home,” he said. “I want to tell him
myself. I’m always thinking about it—but we couldn’t go on like this
much longer. I can’t stand lying still and pretending, and besides I
look too different. I wish it wasn’t raining today.”

It was then Mistress Mary had her inspiration.

“Colin,” she began mysteriously, “do you know how many rooms there are
in this house?”

“About a thousand, I suppose,” he answered.

“There’s about a hundred no one ever goes into,” said Mary. “And one
rainy day I went and looked into ever so many of them. No one ever
knew, though Mrs. Medlock nearly found me out. I lost my way when I was
coming back and I stopped at the end of your corridor. That was the
second time I heard you crying.”

Colin started up on his sofa.

“A hundred rooms no one goes into,” he said. “It sounds almost like a
secret garden. Suppose we go and look at them. Wheel me in my chair and
nobody would know we went.”

“That’s what I was thinking,” said Mary. “No one would dare to follow
us. There are galleries where you could run. We could do our exercises.
There is a little Indian room where there is a cabinet full of ivory
elephants. There are all sorts of rooms.”

“Ring the bell,” said Colin.

When the nurse came in he gave his orders.

“I want my chair,” he said. “Miss Mary and I are going to look at the
part of the house which is not used. John can push me as far as the
picture-gallery because there are some stairs. Then he must go away and
leave us alone until I send for him again.”

Rainy days lost their terrors that morning. When the footman had
wheeled the chair into the picture-gallery and left the two together in
obedience to orders, Colin and Mary looked at each other delighted. As
soon as Mary had made sure that John was really on his way back to his
own quarters below stairs, Colin got out of his chair.

“I am going to run from one end of the gallery to the other,” he said,
“and then I am going to jump and then we will do Bob Haworth’s
exercises.”

And they did all these things and many others. They looked at the
portraits and found the plain little girl dressed in green brocade and
holding the parrot on her finger.

“All these,” said Colin, “must be my relations. They lived a long time
ago. That parrot one, I believe, is one of my great, great, great,
great aunts. She looks rather like you, Mary—not as you look now but as
you looked when you came here. Now you are a great deal fatter and
better looking.”

“So are you,” said Mary, and they both laughed.

They went to the Indian room and amused themselves with the ivory
elephants. They found the rose-colored brocade boudoir and the hole in
the cushion the mouse had left, but the mice had grown up and run away
and the hole was empty. They saw more rooms and made more discoveries
than Mary had made on her first pilgrimage. They found new corridors
and corners and flights of steps and new old pictures they liked and
weird old things they did not know the use of. It was a curiously
entertaining morning and the feeling of wandering about in the same
house with other people but at the same time feeling as if one were
miles away from them was a fascinating thing.

“I’m glad we came,” Colin said. “I never knew I lived in such a big
queer old place. I like it. We will ramble about every rainy day. We
shall always be finding new queer corners and things.”

That morning they had found among other things such good appetites that
when they returned to Colin’s room it was not possible to send the
luncheon away untouched.

When the nurse carried the tray downstairs she slapped it down on the
kitchen dresser so that Mrs. Loomis, the cook, could see the highly
polished dishes and plates.

“Look at that!” she said. “This is a house of mystery, and those two
children are the greatest mysteries in it.”

“If they keep that up every day,” said the strong young footman John,
“there’d be small wonder that he weighs twice as much today as he did a
month ago. I should have to give up my place in time, for fear of doing
my muscles an injury.”

That afternoon Mary noticed that something new had happened in Colin’s
room. She had noticed it the day before but had said nothing because
she thought the change might have been made by chance. She said nothing
today but she sat and looked fixedly at the picture over the mantel.
She could look at it because the curtain had been drawn aside. That was
the change she noticed.

“I know what you want me to tell you,” said Colin, after she had stared
a few minutes. “I always know when you want me to tell you something.
You are wondering why the curtain is drawn back. I am going to keep it
like that.”

“Why?” asked Mary.

“Because it doesn’t make me angry any more to see her laughing. I
wakened when it was bright moonlight two nights ago and felt as if the
Magic was filling the room and making everything so splendid that I
couldn’t lie still. I got up and looked out of the window. The room was
quite light and there was a patch of moonlight on the curtain and
somehow that made me go and pull the cord. She looked right down at me
as if she were laughing because she was glad I was standing there. It
made me like to look at her. I want to see her laughing like that all
the time. I think she must have been a sort of Magic person perhaps.”

“You are so like her now,” said Mary, “that sometimes I think perhaps
you are her ghost made into a boy.”

That idea seemed to impress Colin. He thought it over and then answered
her slowly.

“If I were her ghost—my father would be fond of me,” he said.

“Do you want him to be fond of you?” inquired Mary.

“I used to hate it because he was not fond of me. If he grew fond of me
I think I should tell him about the Magic. It might make him more
cheerful.”




CHAPTER XXVI.
“IT’S MOTHER!”


Their belief in the Magic was an abiding thing. After the morning’s
incantations Colin sometimes gave them Magic lectures.

“I like to do it,” he explained, “because when I grow up and make great
scientific discoveries I shall be obliged to lecture about them and so
this is practise. I can only give short lectures now because I am very
young, and besides Ben Weatherstaff would feel as if he were in church
and he would go to sleep.”

“Th’ best thing about lecturin’,” said Ben, “is that a chap can get up
an’ say aught he pleases an’ no other chap can answer him back. I
wouldn’t be agen’ lecturin’ a bit mysel’ sometimes.”

But when Colin held forth under his tree old Ben fixed devouring eyes
on him and kept them there. He looked him over with critical affection.
It was not so much the lecture which interested him as the legs which
looked straighter and stronger each day, the boyish head which held
itself up so well, the once sharp chin and hollow cheeks which had
filled and rounded out and the eyes which had begun to hold the light
he remembered in another pair. Sometimes when Colin felt Ben’s earnest
gaze meant that he was much impressed he wondered what he was
reflecting on and once when he had seemed quite entranced he questioned
him.

“What are you thinking about, Ben Weatherstaff?” he asked.

“I was thinkin’” answered Ben, “as I’d warrant tha’s gone up three or
four pound this week. I was lookin’ at tha’ calves an’ tha’ shoulders.
I’d like to get thee on a pair o’ scales.”

“It’s the Magic and—and Mrs. Sowerby’s buns and milk and things,” said
Colin. “You see the scientific experiment has succeeded.”

That morning Dickon was too late to hear the lecture. When he came he
was ruddy with running and his funny face looked more twinkling than
usual. As they had a good deal of weeding to do after the rains they
fell to work. They always had plenty to do after a warm deep sinking
rain. The moisture which was good for the flowers was also good for the
weeds which thrust up tiny blades of grass and points of leaves which
must be pulled up before their roots took too firm hold. Colin was as
good at weeding as anyone in these days and he could lecture while he
was doing it.

“The Magic works best when you work, yourself,” he said this morning.
“You can feel it in your bones and muscles. I am going to read books
about bones and muscles, but I am going to write a book about Magic. I
am making it up now. I keep finding out things.”

It was not very long after he had said this that he laid down his
trowel and stood up on his feet. He had been silent for several minutes
and they had seen that he was thinking out lectures, as he often did.
When he dropped his trowel and stood upright it seemed to Mary and
Dickon as if a sudden strong thought had made him do it. He stretched
himself out to his tallest height and he threw out his arms exultantly.
Color glowed in his face and his strange eyes widened with joyfulness.
All at once he had realized something to the full.

“Mary! Dickon!” he cried. “Just look at me!”

They stopped their weeding and looked at him.

“Do you remember that first morning you brought me in here?” he
demanded.

Dickon was looking at him very hard. Being an animal charmer he could
see more things than most people could and many of them were things he
never talked about. He saw some of them now in this boy.

“Aye, that we do,” he answered.

Mary looked hard too, but she said nothing.

“Just this minute,” said Colin, “all at once I remembered it
myself—when I looked at my hand digging with the trowel—and I had to
stand up on my feet to see if it was real. And it is real! I’m
_well_—I’m _well!_”

“Aye, that th’ art!” said Dickon.

“I’m well! I’m well!” said Colin again, and his face went quite red all
over.

He had known it before in a way, he had hoped it and felt it and
thought about it, but just at that minute something had rushed all
through him—a sort of rapturous belief and realization and it had been
so strong that he could not help calling out.

“I shall live forever and ever and ever!” he cried grandly. “I shall
find out thousands and thousands of things. I shall find out about
people and creatures and everything that grows—like Dickon—and I shall
never stop making Magic. I’m well! I’m well! I feel—I feel as if I want
to shout out something—something thankful, joyful!”

Ben Weatherstaff, who had been working near a rose-bush, glanced round
at him.

“Tha’ might sing th’ Doxology,” he suggested in his dryest grunt. He
had no opinion of the Doxology and he did not make the suggestion with
any particular reverence.

But Colin was of an exploring mind and he knew nothing about the
Doxology.

“What is that?” he inquired.

“Dickon can sing it for thee, I’ll warrant,” replied Ben Weatherstaff.

Dickon answered with his all-perceiving animal charmer’s smile.

“They sing it i’ church,” he said. “Mother says she believes th’
skylarks sings it when they gets up i’ th’ mornin’.”

“If she says that, it must be a nice song,” Colin answered. “I’ve never
been in a church myself. I was always too ill. Sing it, Dickon. I want
to hear it.”

Dickon was quite simple and unaffected about it. He understood what
Colin felt better than Colin did himself. He understood by a sort of
instinct so natural that he did not know it was understanding. He
pulled off his cap and looked round still smiling.

“Tha’ must take off tha’ cap,” he said to Colin, “an’ so mun tha’,
Ben—an’ tha’ mun stand up, tha’ knows.”

Colin took off his cap and the sun shone on and warmed his thick hair
as he watched Dickon intently. Ben Weatherstaff scrambled up from his
knees and bared his head too with a sort of puzzled half-resentful look
on his old face as if he didn’t know exactly why he was doing this
remarkable thing.

Dickon stood out among the trees and rose-bushes and began to sing in
quite a simple matter-of-fact way and in a nice strong boy voice:

“Praise God from whom all blessings flow,
Praise Him all creatures here below,
Praise Him above ye Heavenly Host,
Praise Father, Son, and Holy Ghost.
            Amen.”

When he had finished, Ben Weatherstaff was standing quite still with
his jaws set obstinately but with a disturbed look in his eyes fixed on
Colin. Colin’s face was thoughtful and appreciative.

“It is a very nice song,” he said. “I like it. Perhaps it means just
what I mean when I want to shout out that I am thankful to the Magic.”
He stopped and thought in a puzzled way. “Perhaps they are both the
same thing. How can we know the exact names of everything? Sing it
again, Dickon. Let us try, Mary. I want to sing it, too. It’s my song.
How does it begin? ‘Praise God from whom all blessings flow’?”

And they sang it again, and Mary and Colin lifted their voices as
musically as they could and Dickon’s swelled quite loud and
beautiful—and at the second line Ben Weatherstaff raspingly cleared his
throat and at the third line he joined in with such vigor that it
seemed almost savage and when the “Amen” came to an end Mary observed
that the very same thing had happened to him which had happened when he
found out that Colin was not a cripple—his chin was twitching and he
was staring and winking and his leathery old cheeks were wet.

“I never seed no sense in th’ Doxology afore,” he said hoarsely, “but I
may change my mind i’ time. I should say tha’d gone up five pound this
week Mester Colin—five on ’em!”

Colin was looking across the garden at something attracting his
attention and his expression had become a startled one.

“Who is coming in here?” he said quickly. “Who is it?”

The door in the ivied wall had been pushed gently open and a woman had
entered. She had come in with the last line of their song and she had
stood still listening and looking at them. With the ivy behind her, the
sunlight drifting through the trees and dappling her long blue cloak,
and her nice fresh face smiling across the greenery she was rather like
a softly colored illustration in one of Colin’s books. She had
wonderful affectionate eyes which seemed to take everything in—all of
them, even Ben Weatherstaff and the “creatures” and every flower that
was in bloom. Unexpectedly as she had appeared, not one of them felt
that she was an intruder at all. Dickon’s eyes lighted like lamps.

“It’s mother—that’s who it is!” he cried and went across the grass at a
run.

Colin began to move toward her, too, and Mary went with him. They both
felt their pulses beat faster.

“It’s mother!” Dickon said again when they met halfway. “I knowed tha’
wanted to see her an’ I told her where th’ door was hid.”

Colin held out his hand with a sort of flushed royal shyness but his
eyes quite devoured her face.

“Even when I was ill I wanted to see you,” he said, “you and Dickon and
the secret garden. I’d never wanted to see anyone or anything before.”

The sight of his uplifted face brought about a sudden change in her
own. She flushed and the corners of her mouth shook and a mist seemed
to sweep over her eyes.

“Eh! dear lad!” she broke out tremulously. “Eh! dear lad!” as if she
had not known she were going to say it. She did not say, “Mester
Colin,” but just “dear lad” quite suddenly. She might have said it to
Dickon in the same way if she had seen something in his face which
touched her. Colin liked it.

“Are you surprised because I am so well?” he asked.

She put her hand on his shoulder and smiled the mist out of her eyes.

“Aye, that I am!” she said; “but tha’rt so like thy mother tha’ made my
heart jump.”

“Do you think,” said Colin a little awkwardly, “that will make my
father like me?”

“Aye, for sure, dear lad,” she answered and she gave his shoulder a
soft quick pat. “He mun come home—he mun come home.”

“Susan Sowerby,” said Ben Weatherstaff, getting close to her. “Look at
th’ lad’s legs, wilt tha’? They was like drumsticks i’ stockin’ two
month’ ago—an’ I heard folk tell as they was bandy an’ knock-kneed both
at th’ same time. Look at ’em now!”

Susan Sowerby laughed a comfortable laugh.

“They’re goin’ to be fine strong lad’s legs in a bit,” she said. “Let
him go on playin’ an’ workin’ in the garden an’ eatin’ hearty an’
drinkin’ plenty o’ good sweet milk an’ there’ll not be a finer pair i’
Yorkshire, thank God for it.”

She put both hands on Mistress Mary’s shoulders and looked her little
face over in a motherly fashion.

“An’ thee, too!” she said. “Tha’rt grown near as hearty as our
’Lisabeth Ellen. I’ll warrant tha’rt like thy mother too. Our Martha
told me as Mrs. Medlock heard she was a pretty woman. Tha’lt be like a
blush rose when tha’ grows up, my little lass, bless thee.”

She did not mention that when Martha came home on her “day out” and
described the plain sallow child she had said that she had no
confidence whatever in what Mrs. Medlock had heard. “It doesn’t stand
to reason that a pretty woman could be th’ mother o’ such a fou’ little
lass,” she had added obstinately.

Mary had not had time to pay much attention to her changing face. She
had only known that she looked “different” and seemed to have a great
deal more hair and that it was growing very fast. But remembering her
pleasure in looking at the Mem Sahib in the past she was glad to hear
that she might some day look like her.

Susan Sowerby went round their garden with them and was told the whole
story of it and shown every bush and tree which had come alive. Colin
walked on one side of her and Mary on the other. Each of them kept
looking up at her comfortable rosy face, secretly curious about the
delightful feeling she gave them—a sort of warm, supported feeling. It
seemed as if she understood them as Dickon understood his “creatures.”
She stooped over the flowers and talked about them as if they were
children. Soot followed her and once or twice cawed at her and flew
upon her shoulder as if it were Dickon’s. When they told her about the
robin and the first flight of the young ones she laughed a motherly
little mellow laugh in her throat.

“I suppose learnin’ ’em to fly is like learnin’ children to walk, but
I’m feared I should be all in a worrit if mine had wings instead o’
legs,” she said.

It was because she seemed such a wonderful woman in her nice moorland
cottage way that at last she was told about the Magic.

“Do you believe in Magic?” asked Colin after he had explained about
Indian fakirs. “I do hope you do.”

“That I do, lad,” she answered. “I never knowed it by that name but
what does th’ name matter? I warrant they call it a different name i’
France an’ a different one i’ Germany. Th’ same thing as set th’ seeds
swellin’ an’ th’ sun shinin’ made thee a well lad an’ it’s th’ Good
Thing. It isn’t like us poor fools as think it matters if us is called
out of our names. Th’ Big Good Thing doesn’t stop to worrit, bless
thee. It goes on makin’ worlds by th’ million—worlds like us. Never
thee stop believin’ in th’ Big Good Thing an’ knowin’ th’ world’s full
of it—an’ call it what tha’ likes. Tha’ wert singin’ to it when I come
into th’ garden.”

“I felt so joyful,” said Colin, opening his beautiful strange eyes at
her. “Suddenly I felt how different I was—how strong my arms and legs
were, you know—and how I could dig and stand—and I jumped up and wanted
to shout out something to anything that would listen.”

“Th’ Magic listened when tha’ sung th’ Doxology. It would ha’ listened
to anything tha’d sung. It was th’ joy that mattered. Eh! lad,
lad—what’s names to th’ Joy Maker,” and she gave his shoulders a quick
soft pat again.

She had packed a basket which held a regular feast this morning, and
when the hungry hour came and Dickon brought it out from its hiding
place, she sat down with them under their tree and watched them devour
their food, laughing and quite gloating over their appetites. She was
full of fun and made them laugh at all sorts of odd things. She told
them stories in broad Yorkshire and taught them new words. She laughed
as if she could not help it when they told her of the increasing
difficulty there was in pretending that Colin was still a fretful
invalid.

“You see we can’t help laughing nearly all the time when we are
together,” explained Colin. “And it doesn’t sound ill at all. We try to
choke it back but it will burst out and that sounds worse than ever.”

“There’s one thing that comes into my mind so often,” said Mary, “and I
can scarcely ever hold in when I think of it suddenly. I keep thinking
suppose Colin’s face should get to look like a full moon. It isn’t like
one yet but he gets a tiny bit fatter every day—and suppose some
morning it should look like one—what should we do!”

“Bless us all, I can see tha’ has a good bit o’ play actin’ to do,”
said Susan Sowerby. “But tha’ won’t have to keep it up much longer.
Mester Craven’ll come home.”

“Do you think he will?” asked Colin. “Why?”

Susan Sowerby chuckled softly.

“I suppose it ’ud nigh break thy heart if he found out before tha’ told
him in tha’ own way,” she said. “Tha’s laid awake nights plannin’ it.”

“I couldn’t bear anyone else to tell him,” said Colin. “I think about
different ways every day, I think now I just want to run into his
room.”

“That’d be a fine start for him,” said Susan Sowerby. “I’d like to see
his face, lad. I would that! He mun come back—that he mun.”

One of the things they talked of was the visit they were to make to her
cottage. They planned it all. They were to drive over the moor and
lunch out of doors among the heather. They would see all the twelve
children and Dickon’s garden and would not come back until they were
tired.

Susan Sowerby got up at last to return to the house and Mrs. Medlock.
It was time for Colin to be wheeled back also. But before he got into
his chair he stood quite close to Susan and fixed his eyes on her with
a kind of bewildered adoration and he suddenly caught hold of the fold
of her blue cloak and held it fast.

“You are just what I—what I wanted,” he said. “I wish you were my
mother—as well as Dickon’s!”

All at once Susan Sowerby bent down and drew him with her warm arms
close against the bosom under the blue cloak—as if he had been Dickon’s
brother. The quick mist swept over her eyes.

“Eh! dear lad!” she said. “Thy own mother’s in this ’ere very garden, I
do believe. She couldna’ keep out of it. Thy father mun come back to
thee—he mun!”




CHAPTER XXVII.
IN THE GARDEN


In each century since the beginning of the world wonderful things have
been discovered. In the last century more amazing things were found out
than in any century before. In this new century hundreds of things
still more astounding will be brought to light. At first people refuse
to believe that a strange new thing can be done, then they begin to
hope it can be done, then they see it can be done—then it is done and
all the world wonders why it was not done centuries ago. One of the new
things people began to find out in the last century was that
thoughts—just mere thoughts—are as powerful as electric batteries—as
good for one as sunlight is, or as bad for one as poison. To let a sad
thought or a bad one get into your mind is as dangerous as letting a
scarlet fever germ get into your body. If you let it stay there after
it has got in you may never get over it as long as you live.

So long as Mistress Mary’s mind was full of disagreeable thoughts about
her dislikes and sour opinions of people and her determination not to
be pleased by or interested in anything, she was a yellow-faced,
sickly, bored and wretched child. Circumstances, however, were very
kind to her, though she was not at all aware of it. They began to push
her about for her own good. When her mind gradually filled itself with
robins, and moorland cottages crowded with children, with queer crabbed
old gardeners and common little Yorkshire housemaids, with springtime
and with secret gardens coming alive day by day, and also with a moor
boy and his “creatures,” there was no room left for the disagreeable
thoughts which affected her liver and her digestion and made her yellow
and tired.

So long as Colin shut himself up in his room and thought only of his
fears and weakness and his detestation of people who looked at him and
reflected hourly on humps and early death, he was a hysterical
half-crazy little hypochondriac who knew nothing of the sunshine and
the spring and also did not know that he could get well and could stand
upon his feet if he tried to do it. When new beautiful thoughts began
to push out the old hideous ones, life began to come back to him, his
blood ran healthily through his veins and strength poured into him like
a flood. His scientific experiment was quite practical and simple and
there was nothing weird about it at all. Much more surprising things
can happen to anyone who, when a disagreeable or discouraged thought
comes into his mind, just has the sense to remember in time and push it
out by putting in an agreeable determinedly courageous one. Two things
cannot be in one place.

“Where you tend a rose, my lad,
A thistle cannot grow.”

While the secret garden was coming alive and two children were coming
alive with it, there was a man wandering about certain far-away
beautiful places in the Norwegian fiords and the valleys and mountains
of Switzerland and he was a man who for ten years had kept his mind
filled with dark and heart-broken thinking. He had not been courageous;
he had never tried to put any other thoughts in the place of the dark
ones. He had wandered by blue lakes and thought them; he had lain on
mountain-sides with sheets of deep blue gentians blooming all about him
and flower breaths filling all the air and he had thought them. A
terrible sorrow had fallen upon him when he had been happy and he had
let his soul fill itself with blackness and had refused obstinately to
allow any rift of light to pierce through. He had forgotten and
deserted his home and his duties. When he traveled about, darkness so
brooded over him that the sight of him was a wrong done to other people
because it was as if he poisoned the air about him with gloom. Most
strangers thought he must be either half mad or a man with some hidden
crime on his soul. He, was a tall man with a drawn face and crooked
shoulders and the name he always entered on hotel registers was,
“Archibald Craven, Misselthwaite Manor, Yorkshire, England.”

He had traveled far and wide since the day he saw Mistress Mary in his
study and told her she might have her “bit of earth.” He had been in
the most beautiful places in Europe, though he had remained nowhere
more than a few days. He had chosen the quietest and remotest spots. He
had been on the tops of mountains whose heads were in the clouds and
had looked down on other mountains when the sun rose and touched them
with such light as made it seem as if the world were just being born.

But the light had never seemed to touch himself until one day when he
realized that for the first time in ten years a strange thing had
happened. He was in a wonderful valley in the Austrian Tyrol and he had
been walking alone through such beauty as might have lifted, any man’s
soul out of shadow. He had walked a long way and it had not lifted his.
But at last he had felt tired and had thrown himself down to rest on a
carpet of moss by a stream. It was a clear little stream which ran
quite merrily along on its narrow way through the luscious damp
greenness. Sometimes it made a sound rather like very low laughter as
it bubbled over and round stones. He saw birds come and dip their heads
to drink in it and then flick their wings and fly away. It seemed like
a thing alive and yet its tiny voice made the stillness seem deeper.
The valley was very, very still.

As he sat gazing into the clear running of the water, Archibald Craven
gradually felt his mind and body both grow quiet, as quiet as the
valley itself. He wondered if he were going to sleep, but he was not.
He sat and gazed at the sunlit water and his eyes began to see things
growing at its edge. There was one lovely mass of blue forget-me-nots
growing so close to the stream that its leaves were wet and at these he
found himself looking as he remembered he had looked at such things
years ago. He was actually thinking tenderly how lovely it was and what
wonders of blue its hundreds of little blossoms were. He did not know
that just that simple thought was slowly filling his mind—filling and
filling it until other things were softly pushed aside. It was as if a
sweet clear spring had begun to rise in a stagnant pool and had risen
and risen until at last it swept the dark water away. But of course he
did not think of this himself. He only knew that the valley seemed to
grow quieter and quieter as he sat and stared at the bright delicate
blueness. He did not know how long he sat there or what was happening
to him, but at last he moved as if he were awakening and he got up
slowly and stood on the moss carpet, drawing a long, deep, soft breath
and wondering at himself. Something seemed to have been unbound and
released in him, very quietly.

“What is it?” he said, almost in a whisper, and he passed his hand over
his forehead. “I almost feel as if—I were alive!”

I do not know enough about the wonderfulness of undiscovered things to
be able to explain how this had happened to him. Neither does anyone
else yet. He did not understand at all himself—but he remembered this
strange hour months afterward when he was at Misselthwaite again and he
found out quite by accident that on this very day Colin had cried out
as he went into the secret garden:

“I am going to live forever and ever and ever!”

The singular calmness remained with him the rest of the evening and he
slept a new reposeful sleep; but it was not with him very long. He did
not know that it could be kept. By the next night he had opened the
doors wide to his dark thoughts and they had come trooping and rushing
back. He left the valley and went on his wandering way again. But,
strange as it seemed to him, there were minutes—sometimes
half-hours—when, without his knowing why, the black burden seemed to
lift itself again and he knew he was a living man and not a dead one.
Slowly—slowly—for no reason that he knew of—he was “coming alive” with
the garden.

As the golden summer changed into the deep golden autumn he went to the
Lake of Como. There he found the loveliness of a dream. He spent his
days upon the crystal blueness of the lake or he walked back into the
soft thick verdure of the hills and tramped until he was tired so that
he might sleep. But by this time he had begun to sleep better, he knew,
and his dreams had ceased to be a terror to him.

“Perhaps,” he thought, “my body is growing stronger.”

It was growing stronger but—because of the rare peaceful hours when his
thoughts were changed—his soul was slowly growing stronger, too. He
began to think of Misselthwaite and wonder if he should not go home.
Now and then he wondered vaguely about his boy and asked himself what
he should feel when he went and stood by the carved four-posted bed
again and looked down at the sharply chiseled ivory-white face while it
slept and, the black lashes rimmed so startlingly the close-shut eyes.
He shrank from it.

One marvel of a day he had walked so far that when he returned the moon
was high and full and all the world was purple shadow and silver. The
stillness of lake and shore and wood was so wonderful that he did not
go into the villa he lived in. He walked down to a little bowered
terrace at the water’s edge and sat upon a seat and breathed in all the
heavenly scents of the night. He felt the strange calmness stealing
over him and it grew deeper and deeper until he fell asleep.

He did not know when he fell asleep and when he began to dream; his
dream was so real that he did not feel as if he were dreaming. He
remembered afterward how intensely wide awake and alert he had thought
he was. He thought that as he sat and breathed in the scent of the late
roses and listened to the lapping of the water at his feet he heard a
voice calling. It was sweet and clear and happy and far away. It seemed
very far, but he heard it as distinctly as if it had been at his very
side.

“Archie! Archie! Archie!” it said, and then again, sweeter and clearer
than before, “Archie! Archie!”

He thought he sprang to his feet not even startled. It was such a real
voice and it seemed so natural that he should hear it.

“Lilias! Lilias!” he answered. “Lilias! where are you?”

“In the garden,” it came back like a sound from a golden flute. “In the
garden!”

And then the dream ended. But he did not awaken. He slept soundly and
sweetly all through the lovely night. When he did awake at last it was
brilliant morning and a servant was standing staring at him. He was an
Italian servant and was accustomed, as all the servants of the villa
were, to accepting without question any strange thing his foreign
master might do. No one ever knew when he would go out or come in or
where he would choose to sleep or if he would roam about the garden or
lie in the boat on the lake all night. The man held a salver with some
letters on it and he waited quietly until Mr. Craven took them. When he
had gone away Mr. Craven sat a few moments holding them in his hand and
looking at the lake. His strange calm was still upon him and something
more—a lightness as if the cruel thing which had been done had not
happened as he thought—as if something had changed. He was remembering
the dream—the real—real dream.

“In the garden!” he said, wondering at himself. “In the garden! But the
door is locked and the key is buried deep.”

When he glanced at the letters a few minutes later he saw that the one
lying at the top of the rest was an English letter and came from
Yorkshire. It was directed in a plain woman’s hand but it was not a
hand he knew. He opened it, scarcely thinking of the writer, but the
first words attracted his attention at once.


“_Dear Sir:_

I am Susan Sowerby that made bold to speak to you once on the moor. It
was about Miss Mary I spoke. I will make bold to speak again. Please,
sir, I would come home if I was you. I think you would be glad to come
and—if you will excuse me, sir—I think your lady would ask you to come
if she was here.

    Your obedient servant,

                Susan Sowerby.”

Mr. Craven read the letter twice before he put it back in its envelope.
He kept thinking about the dream.

“I will go back to Misselthwaite,” he said. “Yes, I’ll go at once.”

And he went through the garden to the villa and ordered Pitcher to
prepare for his return to England.

In a few days he was in Yorkshire again, and on his long railroad
journey he found himself thinking of his boy as he had never thought in
all the ten years past. During those years he had only wished to forget
him. Now, though he did not intend to think about him, memories of him
constantly drifted into his mind. He remembered the black days when he
had raved like a madman because the child was alive and the mother was
dead. He had refused to see it, and when he had gone to look at it at
last it had been, such a weak wretched thing that everyone had been
sure it would die in a few days. But to the surprise of those who took
care of it the days passed and it lived and then everyone believed it
would be a deformed and crippled creature.

He had not meant to be a bad father, but he had not felt like a father
at all. He had supplied doctors and nurses and luxuries, but he had
shrunk from the mere thought of the boy and had buried himself in his
own misery. The first time after a year’s absence he returned to
Misselthwaite and the small miserable looking thing languidly and
indifferently lifted to his face the great gray eyes with black lashes
round them, so like and yet so horribly unlike the happy eyes he had
adored, he could not bear the sight of them and turned away pale as
death. After that he scarcely ever saw him except when he was asleep,
and all he knew of him was that he was a confirmed invalid, with a
vicious, hysterical, half-insane temper. He could only be kept from
furies dangerous to himself by being given his own way in every detail.

All this was not an uplifting thing to recall, but as the train whirled
him through mountain passes and golden plains the man who was “coming
alive” began to think in a new way and he thought long and steadily and
deeply.

“Perhaps I have been all wrong for ten years,” he said to himself. “Ten
years is a long time. It may be too late to do anything—quite too late.
What have I been thinking of!”

Of course this was the wrong Magic—to begin by saying “too late.” Even
Colin could have told him that. But he knew nothing of Magic—either
black or white. This he had yet to learn. He wondered if Susan Sowerby
had taken courage and written to him only because the motherly creature
had realized that the boy was much worse—was fatally ill. If he had not
been under the spell of the curious calmness which had taken possession
of him he would have been more wretched than ever. But the calm had
brought a sort of courage and hope with it. Instead of giving way to
thoughts of the worst he actually found he was trying to believe in
better things.

“Could it be possible that she sees that I may be able to do him good
and control him?” he thought. “I will go and see her on my way to
Misselthwaite.”

But when on his way across the moor he stopped the carriage at the
cottage, seven or eight children who were playing about gathered in a
group and bobbing seven or eight friendly and polite curtsies told him
that their mother had gone to the other side of the moor early in the
morning to help a woman who had a new baby. “Our Dickon,” they
volunteered, was over at the Manor working in one of the gardens where
he went several days each week.

Mr. Craven looked over the collection of sturdy little bodies and round
red-cheeked faces, each one grinning in its own particular way, and he
awoke to the fact that they were a healthy likable lot. He smiled at
their friendly grins and took a golden sovereign from his pocket and
gave it to “our ’Lizabeth Ellen” who was the oldest.

“If you divide that into eight parts there will be half a crown for
each of, you,” he said.

Then amid grins and chuckles and bobbing of curtsies he drove away,
leaving ecstasy and nudging elbows and little jumps of joy behind.

The drive across the wonderfulness of the moor was a soothing thing.
Why did it seem to give him a sense of homecoming which he had been
sure he could never feel again—that sense of the beauty of land and sky
and purple bloom of distance and a warming of the heart at drawing,
nearer to the great old house which had held those of his blood for six
hundred years? How he had driven away from it the last time, shuddering
to think of its closed rooms and the boy lying in the four-posted bed
with the brocaded hangings. Was it possible that perhaps he might find
him changed a little for the better and that he might overcome his
shrinking from him? How real that dream had been—how wonderful and
clear the voice which called back to him, “In the garden—In the
garden!”

“I will try to find the key,” he said. “I will try to open the door. I
must—though I don’t know why.”

When he arrived at the Manor the servants who received him with the
usual ceremony noticed that he looked better and that he did not go to
the remote rooms where he usually lived attended by Pitcher. He went
into the library and sent for Mrs. Medlock. She came to him somewhat
excited and curious and flustered.

“How is Master Colin, Medlock?” he inquired.

“Well, sir,” Mrs. Medlock answered, “he’s—he’s different, in a manner
of speaking.”

“Worse?” he suggested.

Mrs. Medlock really was flushed.

“Well, you see, sir,” she tried to explain, “neither Dr. Craven, nor
the nurse, nor me can exactly make him out.”

“Why is that?”

“To tell the truth, sir, Master Colin might be better and he might be
changing for the worse. His appetite, sir, is past understanding—and
his ways—”

“Has he become more—more peculiar?” her master, asked, knitting his
brows anxiously.

“That’s it, sir. He’s growing very peculiar—when you compare him with
what he used to be. He used to eat nothing and then suddenly he began
to eat something enormous—and then he stopped again all at once and the
meals were sent back just as they used to be. You never knew, sir,
perhaps, that out of doors he never would let himself be taken. The
things we’ve gone through to get him to go out in his chair would leave
a body trembling like a leaf. He’d throw himself into such a state that
Dr. Craven said he couldn’t be responsible for forcing him. Well, sir,
just without warning—not long after one of his worst tantrums he
suddenly insisted on being taken out every day by Miss Mary and Susan
Sowerby’s boy Dickon that could push his chair. He took a fancy to both
Miss Mary and Dickon, and Dickon brought his tame animals, and, if
you’ll credit it, sir, out of doors he will stay from morning until
night.”

“How does he look?” was the next question.

“If he took his food natural, sir, you’d think he was putting on
flesh—but we’re afraid it may be a sort of bloat. He laughs sometimes
in a queer way when he’s alone with Miss Mary. He never used to laugh
at all. Dr. Craven is coming to see you at once, if you’ll allow him.
He never was as puzzled in his life.”

“Where is Master Colin now?” Mr. Craven asked.

“In the garden, sir. He’s always in the garden—though not a human
creature is allowed to go near for fear they’ll look at him.”

Mr. Craven scarcely heard her last words.

“In the garden,” he said, and after he had sent Mrs. Medlock away he
stood and repeated it again and again. “In the garden!”

He had to make an effort to bring himself back to the place he was
standing in and when he felt he was on earth again he turned and went
out of the room. He took his way, as Mary had done, through the door in
the shrubbery and among the laurels and the fountain beds. The fountain
was playing now and was encircled by beds of brilliant autumn flowers.
He crossed the lawn and turned into the Long Walk by the ivied walls.
He did not walk quickly, but slowly, and his eyes were on the path. He
felt as if he were being drawn back to the place he had so long
forsaken, and he did not know why. As he drew near to it his step
became still more slow. He knew where the door was even though the ivy
hung thick over it—but he did not know exactly where it lay—that buried
key.

So he stopped and stood still, looking about him, and almost the moment
after he had paused he started and listened—asking himself if he were
walking in a dream.

The ivy hung thick over the door, the key was buried under the shrubs,
no human being had passed that portal for ten lonely years—and yet
inside the garden there were sounds. They were the sounds of running
scuffling feet seeming to chase round and round under the trees, they
were strange sounds of lowered suppressed voices—exclamations and
smothered joyous cries. It seemed actually like the laughter of young
things, the uncontrollable laughter of children who were trying not to
be heard but who in a moment or so—as their excitement mounted—would
burst forth. What in heaven’s name was he dreaming of—what in heaven’s
name did he hear? Was he losing his reason and thinking he heard things
which were not for human ears? Was it that the far clear voice had
meant?

And then the moment came, the uncontrollable moment when the sounds
forgot to hush themselves. The feet ran faster and faster—they were
nearing the garden door—there was quick strong young breathing and a
wild outbreak of laughing shouts which could not be contained—and the
door in the wall was flung wide open, the sheet of ivy swinging back,
and a boy burst through it at full speed and, without seeing the
outsider, dashed almost into his arms.

Mr. Craven had extended them just in time to save him from falling as a
result of his unseeing dash against him, and when he held him away to
look at him in amazement at his being there he truly gasped for breath.

He was a tall boy and a handsome one. He was glowing with life and his
running had sent splendid color leaping to his face. He threw the thick
hair back from his forehead and lifted a pair of strange gray eyes—eyes
full of boyish laughter and rimmed with black lashes like a fringe. It
was the eyes which made Mr. Craven gasp for breath.

“Who—What? Who!” he stammered.

This was not what Colin had expected—this was not what he had planned.
He had never thought of such a meeting. And yet to come dashing
out—winning a race—perhaps it was even better. He drew himself up to
his very tallest. Mary, who had been running with him and had dashed
through the door too, believed that he managed to make himself look
taller than he had ever looked before—inches taller.

“Father,” he said, “I’m Colin. You can’t believe it. I scarcely can
myself. I’m Colin.”

Like Mrs. Medlock, he did not understand what his father meant when he
said hurriedly:

“In the garden! In the garden!”

“Yes,” hurried on Colin. “It was the garden that did it—and Mary and
Dickon and the creatures—and the Magic. No one knows. We kept it to
tell you when you came. I’m well, I can beat Mary in a race. I’m going
to be an athlete.”

He said it all so like a healthy boy—his face flushed, his words
tumbling over each other in his eagerness—that Mr. Craven’s soul shook
with unbelieving joy.

Colin put out his hand and laid it on his father’s arm.

“Aren’t you glad, Father?” he ended. “Aren’t you glad? I’m going to
live forever and ever and ever!”

Mr. Craven put his hands on both the boy’s shoulders and held him
still. He knew he dared not even try to speak for a moment.

“Take me into the garden, my boy,” he said at last. “And tell me all
about it.”

And so they led him in.

The place was a wilderness of autumn gold and purple and violet blue
and flaming scarlet and on every side were sheaves of late lilies
standing together—lilies which were white or white and ruby. He
remembered well when the first of them had been planted that just at
this season of the year their late glories should reveal themselves.
Late roses climbed and hung and clustered and the sunshine deepening
the hue of the yellowing trees made one feel that one, stood in an
embowered temple of gold. The newcomer stood silent just as the
children had done when they came into its grayness. He looked round and
round.

“I thought it would be dead,” he said.

“Mary thought so at first,” said Colin. “But it came alive.”

Then they sat down under their tree—all but Colin, who wanted to stand
while he told the story.

It was the strangest thing he had ever heard, Archibald Craven thought,
as it was poured forth in headlong boy fashion. Mystery and Magic and
wild creatures, the weird midnight meeting—the coming of the spring—the
passion of insulted pride which had dragged the young Rajah to his feet
to defy old Ben Weatherstaff to his face. The odd companionship, the
play acting, the great secret so carefully kept. The listener laughed
until tears came into his eyes and sometimes tears came into his eyes
when he was not laughing. The Athlete, the Lecturer, the Scientific
Discoverer was a laughable, lovable, healthy young human thing.

“Now,” he said at the end of the story, “it need not be a secret any
more. I dare say it will frighten them nearly into fits when they see
me—but I am never going to get into the chair again. I shall walk back
with you, Father—to the house.”

Ben Weatherstaff’s duties rarely took him away from the gardens, but on
this occasion he made an excuse to carry some vegetables to the kitchen
and being invited into the servants’ hall by Mrs. Medlock to drink a
glass of beer he was on the spot—as he had hoped to be—when the most
dramatic event Misselthwaite Manor had seen during the present
generation actually took place.

One of the windows looking upon the courtyard gave also a glimpse of
the lawn. Mrs. Medlock, knowing Ben had come from the gardens, hoped
that he might have caught sight of his master and even by chance of his
meeting with Master Colin.

“Did you see either of them, Weatherstaff?” she asked.

Ben took his beer-mug from his mouth and wiped his lips with the back
of his hand.

“Aye, that I did,” he answered with a shrewdly significant air.

“Both of them?” suggested Mrs. Medlock.

“Both of ’em,” returned Ben Weatherstaff. “Thank ye kindly, ma’am, I
could sup up another mug of it.”

“Together?” said Mrs. Medlock, hastily overfilling his beer-mug in her
excitement.

“Together, ma’am,” and Ben gulped down half of his new mug at one gulp.

“Where was Master Colin? How did he look? What did they say to each
other?”

“I didna’ hear that,” said Ben, “along o’ only bein’ on th’ stepladder
lookin over th’ wall. But I’ll tell thee this. There’s been things
goin’ on outside as you house people knows nowt about. An’ what tha’ll
find out tha’ll find out soon.”

And it was not two minutes before he swallowed the last of his beer and
waved his mug solemnly toward the window which took in through the
shrubbery a piece of the lawn.

“Look there,” he said, “if tha’s curious. Look what’s comin’ across th’
grass.”

When Mrs. Medlock looked she threw up her hands and gave a little
shriek and every man and woman servant within hearing bolted across the
servants’ hall and stood looking through the window with their eyes
almost starting out of their heads.

Across the lawn came the Master of Misselthwaite and he looked as many
of them had never seen him. And by his side with his head up in the air
and his eyes full of laughter walked as strongly and steadily as any
boy in Yorkshire—Master Colin!

THE END




*** END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK THE SECRET GARDEN ***

***** This file should be named 113-0.txt or 113-0.zip *****
This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:
    https://www.gutenberg.org/1/1/113/

Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions will
be renamed.

Creating the works from print editions not protected by U.S. copyright
law means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works,
so the Foundation (and you!) can copy and distribute it in the
United States without permission and without paying copyright
royalties. Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part
of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm
concept and trademark. Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark,
and may not be used if you charge for an eBook, except by following
the terms of the trademark license, including paying royalties for use
of the Project Gutenberg trademark. If you do not charge anything for
copies of this eBook, complying with the trademark license is very
easy. You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose such as creation
of derivative works, reports, performances and research. Project
Gutenberg eBooks may be modified and printed and given away--you may
do practically ANYTHING in the United States with eBooks not protected
by U.S. copyright law. Redistribution is subject to the trademark
license, especially commercial redistribution.

START: FULL LICENSE

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full
Project Gutenberg-tm License available with this file or online at
www.gutenberg.org/license.

Section 1. General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works

1.A. By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement. If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or
destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your
possession. If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a
Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound
by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the
person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph
1.E.8.

1.B. "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark. It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement. See
paragraph 1.C below. There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this
agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works. See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C. The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the
Foundation" or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection
of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works. Nearly all the individual
works in the collection are in the public domain in the United
States. If an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the
United States and you are located in the United States, we do not
claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing,
displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as
all references to Project Gutenberg are removed. Of course, we hope
that you will support the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting
free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm
works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the
Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with the work. You can easily
comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the
same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg-tm License when
you share it without charge with others.

1.D. The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work. Copyright laws in most countries are
in a constant state of change. If you are outside the United States,
check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this
agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing,
distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any
other Project Gutenberg-tm work. The Foundation makes no
representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any
country other than the United States.

1.E. Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1. The following sentence, with active links to, or other
immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear
prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work
on which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the
phrase "Project Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed,
performed, viewed, copied or distributed:

  This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
  most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no
  restrictions whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it
  under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this
  eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the
  United States, you will have to check the laws of the country where
  you are located before using this eBook.

1.E.2. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is
derived from texts not protected by U.S. copyright law (does not
contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the
copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in
the United States without paying any fees or charges. If you are
redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply
either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or
obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.3. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any
additional terms imposed by the copyright holder. Additional terms
will be linked to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works
posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the
beginning of this work.

1.E.4. Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.

1.E.5. Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg-tm License.

1.E.6. You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including
any word processing or hypertext form. However, if you provide access
to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format
other than "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official
version posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm website
(www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense
to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means
of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original "Plain
Vanilla ASCII" or other form. Any alternate format must include the
full Project Gutenberg-tm License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7. Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8. You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
provided that:

* You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
  the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
  you already use to calculate your applicable taxes. The fee is owed
  to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has
  agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation. Royalty payments must be paid
  within 60 days following each date on which you prepare (or are
  legally required to prepare) your periodic tax returns. Royalty
  payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in
  Section 4, "Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg
  Literary Archive Foundation."

* You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
  you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
  does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
  License. You must require such a user to return or destroy all
  copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue
  all use of and all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg-tm
  works.

* You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of
  any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
  electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of
  receipt of the work.

* You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
  distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.

1.E.9. If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work or group of works on different terms than
are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing
from the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the manager of
the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark. Contact the Foundation as set
forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1. Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
works not protected by U.S. copyright law in creating the Project
Gutenberg-tm collection. Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may
contain "Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate
or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other
intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or
other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or
cannot be read by your equipment.

1.F.2. LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees. YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3. YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3. LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from. If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium
with your written explanation. The person or entity that provided you
with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in
lieu of a refund. If you received the work electronically, the person
or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second
opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund. If
the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing
without further opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4. Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS', WITH NO
OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5. Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of
damages. If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement
violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the
agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or
limitation permitted by the applicable state law. The invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the
remaining provisions.

1.F.6. INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in
accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the
production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses,
including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of
the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this
or any Project Gutenberg-tm work, (b) alteration, modification, or
additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any
Defect you cause.

Section 2. Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm

Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of
computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers. It
exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations
from people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
remain freely available for generations to come. In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future
generations. To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see
Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation information page at
www.gutenberg.org

Section 3. Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non-profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service. The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541. Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by
U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.

The Foundation's business office is located at 809 North 1500 West,
Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887. Email contact links and up
to date contact information can be found at the Foundation's website
and official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact

Section 4. Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without
widespread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine-readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment. Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States. Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements. We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance. To SEND
DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any particular
state visit www.gutenberg.org/donate

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States. U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg web pages for current donation
methods and addresses. Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations. To
donate, please visit: www.gutenberg.org/donate

Section 5. General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works

Professor Michael S. Hart was the originator of the Project
Gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be
freely shared with anyone. For forty years, he produced and
distributed Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of
volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in
the U.S. unless a copyright notice is included. Thus, we do not
necessarily keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper
edition.

Most people start at our website which has the main PG search
facility: www.gutenberg.org

This website includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.

The Project Gutenberg eBook of The Time Armada, by Fox B. Holden

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms
of the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at
www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the United States, you
will have to check the laws of the country where you are located before
using this eBook.

Title: The Time Armada

Author: Fox B. Holden

Release Date: April 13, 2021 [eBook #65072]

Language: English

Character set encoding: UTF-8

Produced by: Greg Weeks, Mary Meehan and the Online Distributed
             Proofreading Team at http://www.pgdp.net

*** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK THE TIME ARMADA ***




                            THE TIME ARMADA

                           By Fox B. Holden

              Politics and science don't mix--except that
           Congressman Blair had once been a physicist. This
          was The Beginning--but The End was worlds away....

           [Transcriber's Note: This etext was produced from
              Imagination Stories of Science and Fantasy
                       October and November 1953
         Extensive research did not uncover any evidence that
         the U.S. copyright on this publication was renewed.]


_5:20 P. M., April 17, 1958_

Congressman Douglas Blair shivered a little, turned up his coat collar
against the gray drizzle that had been falling like a finely-sifted fog
all day. His head ached, his nose felt stuffy, and he was tired. It was
good of Grayson to pick him up.

The front seat of the dark blue sedan was soft and reassuring, and the
warm current of air from the heater beneath it felt good. He let his
spare, barely six-foot body slump like a bag of wet wash and pushed
his hat back with the half-formed thought that it might ease the dull
pressure behind his eyes.

"Rough going today, eh, Congressman?"

Grayson twisted the blue sedan into outbound Washington traffic, turned
the windshield wipers to a faster pace. Click-click, click-click, and
Blair wished someone would invent windshield wipers for the brain, to
be worn like a radio head-set, maybe with a hole in the top of the head.

"Hey, buddy! Republicans got your tongue?"

"No, sorry, Carl. Just tired. It's that damned McKenny bill."

"Off the record?"

"I'm afraid so for now, Carl. He can get the thing through--he's so
damn clever he should've been a woman. Got the steel men eating out of
his hand. Made no bones about telling the rest of us today that what
the hell, the people never had anything to say about it, anyway. The
work of government is up to the professionals. The sooner the people
get their nose out of it, the better off they'll be. He said that,
Carl, right in front of everybody. And nobody so much as blinked."

The drizzle started to develop into a dark blue rain as they headed
toward the suburbs.

"What's going to happen, Carl?" Blair said after awhile.

"If I knew, believe me, I wouldn't be sitting here! I don't know, Doug.
We'll all cook in Hell together I guess. Here, have a cigarette."

"Thanks. No, dammit. That's just it--if they'd take this going to Hell
business and forget about it--sink it, scuttle it. Nobody goes to
Hell, he makes his own if that's the way he lives, or he makes his own
personal Heaven or Paradise or whatever you call it if that's the way
he lives. Most of us are in between someplace, a little scared, mostly
indifferent, and too mixed up to see the simple fact that the way of
living we've got in this country isn't so bad but what just plain
honesty and a little intelligence couldn't run it right side up."

"Sure, sure, I know and you're right, Doug. But take it easy.... Things
aren't always as bad as they look."

       *       *       *       *       *

Blair inhaled on the cigarette, laughed a little and felt better.
Sometimes he knew he sounded like a college kid trying to tell his
father what was wrong with the world, but that was why he liked Carl.
Carl let him talk, knew it was his way of blowing off the pent-up steam.

"You know what, chum?" They were running smoothly along the highway
now, the engine a reassuring hum of power, the interior of the sedan
warm and relaxing. The rain was letting up a little, but dirty banks
of fog had started gathering at the roadside like ghosts of all the
work of the day, tenuous, without substance.

"What, Carl?"

"You should've stuck with the M.I.T. degree after all. Hell with your
brain you'd've made that try for the Moon a success last month instead
of another near-miss."

"Maybe you're right. Those boys know what they're doing though. I'll
stick to puttering."

"Puttering the man calls it. 'He hath a lean and hungry look--such
men are dangerous....' Myself, I think that gadget you 'putter' with
in that cellar of yours is some kind of a gismo to hypnotize all the
states-righters into doing something intelligent like dropping dead
without being told!"

"With ingenuity such as yours, my friend, I think I could really
accomplish something in that cellar of mine at that! That's the
trouble. You writers and newsmen have all the good ideas--slide-rules
don't think worth a damn! Instead of a wonderful creation such as you
suggest, what have I got? A pile of junk that may, if it works in any
degree at all, turn out to be a fairly good television set...."

"You wouldn't kid an old friend. That martini you were putting away
the other night said that it was an experiment with something called
tired light."

"Exactly. Television."

"Look, the quality of curiosity is not strained, it droppeth as a
gentle ten-ton truck from twenty stories up! You said--or the martini
said anyway--that if this little gimcrack of yours works, it'd be able
to bring back pictures of things that happened in the past. You're
guilty until proven innocent, Galileo. Start talking."

"Off the record--"

"I should broadcast it and get dunked in a witch's chair."

"Well--the martini had it a little balled up, but the essential idea's
there I guess. Anyway, it isn't everybody who has a space-warp for a
household pet."

"Or Einstein for a hobby."

"Blah, this is strictly Blair. That's why it won't work, and I'd be
only sensationally nuts if I ever thought it would. But some men take
Scotch for their nerves, and I take Scotch with electronics. More of a
jolt that way."

"Yuk, yuk."

       *       *       *       *       *

That was why it was good to have Carl for a friend. No matter how sorry
you got to feeling for yourself, he could usually snap you out of it
one way or another. Right now, Doug thought, Carl was diligently at
work with that peculiar brand of psychology that all newspapermen
strive ceaselessly to acquire that makes people blab when they ought to
keep quiet. But why not--Carl wouldn't know what the hell it was all
about and he wouldn't care, if he thought it would take some of the
pressure off.

"Well, listen then. Ever look through an observatory telescope and
have somebody tell you you were focused on some star or other a couple
of thousand light years away? Maybe it was in the process of blowing
up and becoming a nova or something like that. Anyhow, it would be
explained to you that you were seeing that star as it was two thousand
years ago. You were seeing, for instance, an explosion that happened
twenty centuries in the past. Reason, of course, is that it took the
light that long to get from the star to you. More simply, the light
that strikes your back porch in the morning left the sun about nine
minutes before."

"Very clear. Only how come, if the universe is a closed form of
infinity like it says in all the new books, this light never doubles
back on itself--gives you two or even a million images of the same
star?"

"That's where the tired light comes in. After a certain length of
time--unthinkable aeons of it--it, like all other forms of energy,
peters out. Runs down. Quits. Kaput. They call it entropy. It
constitutes, actually, a gradual running down, growing old of the
universe. As far as anyone knows, this happens before it 'doubles back'
on itself, as you put it. You can't catch it coming around the second
time to see what you looked like umpteenillion ages ago. So, if you
want a second look at yourself, you've got to go out and catch the
light which you reflected in the past--"

"Oh brother. You mean anybody on a planet, say, forty light years from
Earth with a supertelescope looking at us would be watching the battle
of Chateau Thierry and Belleau Wood! A hundred and eighty light years
away he'd see us slugging it out against King George III at Saratoga
and Valley Forge!"

"You've got it. In other words, the light reflected from Earth then is
somewhere deep in Space now. If you could haul it in on some kind of a
receiver, you could see everything all over again--you could watch the
land masses of Earth as they shifted to form the continents as we know
them today."

"You'd need something faster than light to trap the light itself--and
I thought that was against Fitzgerald or somebody."

"If you followed the same space warps the light did, it would be. But
if it were possible to operate your receiver _through_ the fabric of
space-time, instead of _along_ it--a kind of short-cut--you might turn
up with what you're after."

"I am sorry I got into this."

Blair smiled tiredly. "Me too. Hell, I'm fooling around with things
I don't pretend to know anything about. Just enough to putter. Just
enough to keep my mind off all-day-long. God knows what I'll get when I
turn the damn thing on. Probably not even snow so I'm not worried. Turn
left at the next stop-light--they've got that new cut-off finished." He
started buttoning his coat. Grayson turned left as ordered.

"But suppose it works?"

"Wow. Then the steam-fitters would envy me."

"Well it sure oughtta do something. You've been tinkering with it
for--how long? Couple years?"

"About four I guess, off and on. Sometimes I get to wondering what
it'll do if it does do anything."

"Show us Lillian Russell, maybe, or Little Egypt!"

"There's a million possible results when you go fooling around with the
structure of the universe, Carl. I guess that's what fascinates me. A
little learning is a dangerous thing, they say. Dot's afraid I'll blow
us up."

"Well--she could have something there!"

"The thing probably won't even toast a piece of bread. But I'd rather
fool with it than collect buttons or play bridge or some other damfool
thing, so...."

The blue sedan sloshed up the puddled drive-way to the new nine-room
bungalow and at the porch Doug Blair got out. A wind had sprung up and
the dampness suddenly grasped his body, clung, as though he were naked.

"Time for a drink, supper?"

"No, thanks, Doug--gotta see a man. Now take it easy--let the state of
the nation go bury its head for tonight and you have some fun blowing
fuses!"

"Yeah, yeah! O.K. and thanks."

The blue sedan sloshed its way back to the highway, and Doug went into
the house.

       *       *       *       *       *

Douglas Blair kissed his wife and, as he did every time he kissed her,
wondered how he'd been so lucky. He preferred to think as seldom as
memory would permit of how close he'd come on a couple of occasions to
marrying a country club, a bridge deck, a women's society, an Emily
Post book. And when Dot had given him Terry and Mike, she'd topped off
the miracle of herself with the added one of two healthy young minds
that had already learned to say "prove it!" Some of the tiredness left
him, a lot of the aching discouragement was brushed away.

"Tired, Doug?"

"I was."

There was a sudden thundering which grew quickly into the crashing
noises often made by wild elephants getting exercise in a native
village.

"The patter of little feet," Dorothy said.

"Oh. For a minute I thought it was termites. Hi, fellas! What kind of
trouble did we almost keep out of today?"

"Hi, dad! Hey, Mike says you aren't ever going to try it out. You are,
aren't you?"

"I didn't say not ever. I said _maybe_ not ever. Things like the
Contraption take years to develop, don't they, dad?"

"Well," Doug said, doing what he could to stem the onslaught and still
stay on his feet, "what's the source of all this wisdom, Mr. Scientist?"

"Some day I'll be a scientist. Mommy said so, didn't you, mom?"

Every so often Doug wondered where they got that solid healthy look,
and if either of them would ever faintly resemble the Cassius after
whom even Carl thought he should have been named. The red hair of
course was Dorothy's. The blue eyes were Dorothy's. Even the brains
were, he sometimes suspected, all Dorothy's. But the dormant challenge
that grew, not yet quite fully awakened, somewhere behind the freckled,
ten-year-old faces--that, if it matured well, would be his.

"If," Doug said then, "you three will let a hungry man eat his supper,
he'll let you in on a little surprise before hand. That is, if
anybody's interested--"

"Tell us!"

"Is it, Doug?"

"Your brilliant father has exactly three connections to solder on the
Contraption, and then--well, after supper, we'll all see together." He
laughed. Terry and Mike hooted. Dorothy looked a little worried, and
told the boys to wash up.

       *       *       *       *       *

It covered half the ten-foot workbench, its large screen a huge,
lens-like square eye as it glinted beneath the glare of the
cold-cathode lights that lined the ceiling of the laboratory-like
cellar.

Doug put the cooling soldering-iron back in its place. Dorothy had her
Christmas camera mounted on a tripod a few feet back, "Just in case,"
she said, "it does something before it blows up."

Terry and Mike were silent, eyes wide, not quite behind their mother.

"We shall now," Doug said, "see if we can get a look at Hopalong
Cassidy the way he looked when I was a boy. Better yet, maybe Jack
Benny when he was 39 ... and Valentino...."

He closed the switch, and the cathode lights flickered, went out. There
was a humming sound that seemed to come from all sides of the cellar
rather than from the Contraption, and the bluish glow emanated from the
square convex eye. Directly before it, they watched.

The light shimmered, gave the illusion that the Contraption itself was
shimmering, fading. The work bench became indistinct.

"Doug--"

And then the workbench and the Contraption were gone, the overhead
cathode tubes were gone, and daylight was filtering through a cellar
window that had moved about four feet along the wall--which was now
made of glass brick instead of concrete.

Doug and his wife stood rooted. Terry and Mike were gone, too.




                              CHAPTER II


She was clad in superbly tailored cream-colored slacks of a material
that was glass-like in sheen, an equally well-fitted blouse of forest
green hardly a shadow less than opaque, and sandals of a soft, flexible
texture slightly raised at the heel. The wide cummerbund of silken
flame that circled her slender waist was her only ornamentation.

Doug's pastel shirt felt like a feather; it lay open at the throat and
clung comfortably about his chest and shoulders, then tapered leisurely
to his waist. The trousers were of the same weight and of a darker hue
somewhere between the blue of midnight and cobalt; the sandals were
like hers.

He did not understand.

"You--I know you are not--"

Her face was not the same; her hair was the deeper red of mahogany, her
eyes as large, but of green, not blue. Dorothy's mouth was wider, her
cheeks not quite so shadowed. Yet now her face was drawn in the look of
bewilderment that he felt on his own.

"Doug?"

"Dot! For God's sake!"

"Your voice is the same--but you don't look like--"

"Don't get scared, take it easy. It's me. You're different too--all
but your voice. I've got to figure it out. Everything's all wrong.
Wrong as hell--"

He found a chair of light metal that felt like foam rubber when he
sat on it. Dorothy--and he knew somehow that it must be Dorothy--was
looking around her with quick, nervous glances.

"Doug, the boys--where are the boys?"

"Terry! Mike!" He called again, stood up. "Oh, God--"

"They were just behind me, Doug, they couldn't have run--"

"No I think--I think they must've stayed with--with the Contraption. We
were in the blur light. It wasn't. They must've been just beyond its
effective range. That must be it. It just got _us_."

"Got us--you mean we're--"

"No, no of course not. Alive as we'll ever be. But where--"

"Wherever we are, I don't want to be here, Doug. I want to be back...."

"Easy, honey." He put his arm about her, drew her to him, and he could
feel her taut muscles relax a little. "I'd like to say it's a dream,
but two people don't dream the same dream at once. And I'm not the
type to think up clothes like these all by myself.... Somehow, the
Contraption did it. I was monkeying with a theorem I got interested in
once in space-time mechanics. But it was all on paper--just something
to fool with. It was impossible for the Contraption to really do
anything." He sat down again. "Impossible."

"Like flying, my mother used to say. What do we do, Doug?"

"That's my gal...." He got up a second time, forced a smile. "Let's go
upstairs and see if anybody's around."

There were stairs. Wide and gently curving and constructed of a light,
lusterless steel.

Architecturally, the house was little different from many of the
expensive-looking California-type affairs he had seen in the women's
magazines that Dot bought every so often. Yet there was something about
its interior, a certain grace combined with a subtle simplicity that
made it a work of art as a good painting or sculptural piece is art.
There was rebellion in it--a gentle rebellion against the eye-aching
extremes of artificial modernity, yet at the same time a freedom of
execution that made the confines of formalized pattern seem childish.

The pastel carpeting was of a deep, soft substance that Doug recognized
as a masterpiece in plastic; the furniture was simple, casual, but not
stark and starved-looking. The rooms themselves were ample and were
as bright in the far corners as in those nearest the wide, sashless
windows. They were not separated by partitions, but divided instead by
a fragile-appearing tracery of lattice-work in which a decorative motif
was woven with an almost fairy-like geometrical magic. The air was cool
and fresh.

"Now I know I'm dreaming," Dot said in a low voice. They walked
quietly, from room to room, listening, half-waiting. "I expect any
minute to find three bowls of porridge somewhere," Dot said.

"I wonder ..." Doug said. "What's here is--I think its ours. I think we
live here."

"Doug look--through the window!"

       *       *       *       *       *

He saw a broad lawn of carefully trimmed yet almost ankle-deep grass,
inset at the edges with a running garden. And the street beyond was
wide, and there were other houses at its far side that looked much
as he knew this one must appear. Roofs of tinted tiling, walls of
delicately-toned glass brick, wide, gently-curving windows.

These Doug saw in the first instant, and then there were the soundless
vehicles in the street.

"Like smooth, transparent walnut shells," Doug said. "Cooling louvres
in the back--engines in the rear. They know their engineering, too.
Wonder if the body is some sort of transparent steel--"

"The people in them, Doug! Did you see them? Just like--"

"Like us, of course. Still expecting the three bears?" He laughed a
little. They were like children in some new fairyland, half afraid,
half unbelieving. "Wherever we are, it's populated by humans--if it
weren't, we may not have come out this way...."

"Doug, do you know?" She turned, faced him, and there was still fear
deep in her eyes. Not the stark fear of terror, but the bewildered,
uncomprehending fear of disbelief.

"No I don't. But these clothes aren't ours--even our faces, our
bodies aren't. Just our actual selves came through unaltered. Our
egos--personalities--whatever you want to call it that gives a human
being his identity. The rest we've--moved into, I think. Anyway, it's a
theory to go on. I wonder what our names are--"

"Doug, don't."

"I wish I were trying to be funny. But don't you see?"

"Whatever happened to us--couldn't that have changed us? Our--our
atomic structure, couldn't that have been changed or altered somehow?
It's all so crazy--"

"It's easy to see, m'girl, that you don't spend your time at a bridge
table all those hours I'm slaving away on Madhouse Hill! But if that
had happened ... I don't know. It's the clothes. Too completely
different--not just out of shape, or an altered shape, but of a
fundamentally _different_ shape. We got--we got transplanted."

"But then what of--"

"Thinking the same thing. Suppose the Contraption, whatever it's
done--suppose it works _two_ ways? A swap, a trade?"

"But Doug that's--"

He smiled. Dot was suddenly silent with the knowledge that whether she
liked it or not, she could no longer refuse to accept the facts as they
were, could no longer cross off their implications for want of bolder
imagination.

"Are we--is it the ... the future?"

"Maybe. You could even ask 'is this Earth?' and I couldn't tell you. I
wonder what they think where _they_ are ... I wonder if _they_ know."

"Doug, would they--do anything? To Terry and Mike, I mean?"

"I sure hope not--and I don't think so. The boys will be all
right--they know their way around back home--whomever it is we've
replaced is in the same boat we are. They'd think more than twice
before rashly committing themselves to trouble. They're probably trying
to communicate with the kids--if the kids stuck around that long. I'm
wondering more about the Contraption. If they start fooling with it...."

"Then we'd go back?"

"Maybe. Maybe not. I think though that they'd leave it alone, on the
theory that whoever invented it knows its use, knows how to handle it
safely. They'd be wrong, but I think that's how they'd figure it. I
don't think any one'll dare touch it, simply out of sheer fear of what
might happen next."

"I'm scared, Doug. Awful scared."

"I guess that makes two of us. Somehow we've got to dig up the parts
for another Contraption. And then--" He let the sentence drift into
silence.

"And then, Doug?"

"Well maybe with the exact same set-up--same everything, I could do
it again. I don't know. But if they so much as try to turn the other
one off, try to change anything, we'll lose this point of reference in
space-time for good."

       *       *       *       *       *

Slowly, Dot nodded understanding. "The parts," she said then. "Can we
find the things you need?"

"I'll give it the old college try, sweetheart."

"How long--"

He shrugged. "A few days maybe. Depends."

They were silent for a moment, looking through the wide window,
watching the beautiful vehicles as they slid silently past,
re-examining what they could see of the colorful world beyond the
rolling lawn. Doug felt an aching in his jaws, a tightness through his
lips. God, it was so silly--standing there, trying to explain, when
he didn't even know what had happened, where they were or--or when
they were. He'd been after travelling light to bring back pictures of
the past--every home should have one. Nuts. The future--no, it wasn't
supposed to be that way. Unless you accepted past, present and future
as the components of one great unit, and progression from one to the
other nothing more than illusion, like the illusion of movement given
by the hundreds of still frames on a film-strip. If time was like such
a film-strip, and you found a way to jump forward along it, bypassing
the frames that were in immediate succession--

But then what about the possibility-probability pattern theory, in
which time was supposed to exist as an infinite number of possibility
and probability paths, intersecting, paralleling, diverging, splitting
with each new decision, each new action--Lord it was getting insane.

"Hell I'm all mixed up," he said. Dot put her arm through his. He
nodded toward what was beyond the window. "We might as well have a
look for ourselves. If anybody says anything to us we'll suddenly see
something interesting in the other direction. Game?"

"I--I guess so...."

"Damn, I wish I had a cigarette!"

They went to the front door, swung it open.

       *       *       *       *       *

The streets were long and incredibly wide and straight, bearing their
traffic smoothly and with hardly a hint of the inevitable jamming that
was so familiar. The sidewalks were immaculately kept, yet surprisingly
free of pedestrians; a few passed, bowed slightly and smiled, continued
on.

"Polite bunch," Doug murmured. "They bow like good Republicans...."

"And all smiling--as if they didn't have a worry in the world."

"Democrats, then!" They laughed, and for a moment the anxiety was gone,
and the street could have been any fine street in the world from which
they'd come.

"We'd better try to find the center of town," Doug said then. "We've
got to do a lot more than ogle if we want to locate the stuff we're
after. Sshh...."

This time two women passed. They smiled, bowed, went on.

"Maybe you're the mayor of this town or something--at least an
alderman."

"They wouldn't smile, honey! Anyway, there are three things we'd better
figure. How to get money, how to get food, how to get the equipment.
Any ideas?"

"We should've searched the house for a wallet or something. Or maybe
these people don't believe in money--maybe they use a different system
altogether."

"It's possible, of course, and--good night!" Doug was staring suddenly
upward. There had been a low rumbling sound which within seconds had
ascended the decibel scale to a throbbing roar. A great, tapering thing
of silvery metal with no hint of wing-surfaces was bolting skyward,
and Doug knew somehow that the sky was not its limit. The roar and
scream of suddenly-split atmosphere subsided, and in moments, the
vertically-climbing craft was out of sight. "They've done it here,
Dot! I'd bet the bottom dollar I don't have that we've seen our first
space-liner!"

"Could I have been right, Doug? The future, I mean?"

"I don't know, Dot.... I don't know."

There were towering buildings less than a half-mile from them of
a simplicity and beauty that left no time for talk. The city was
suddenly before them--a sparkling thing, unmarred by eye-stumbling
bits and pieces--a flawless, symmetrical sweep toward the heavens that
momentarily stupefied credulity. Traffic ramps soared from street-level
in gently-curving ribbons above spacious quiet parks; sound was muffled
to near-inaudibility, and the illusion of a great fairy kingdom was
unmarred by the confusion of advertising posters, marquees, store front
lettering, or the raucous stampede of elbowing mobs....

"I wonder how they illuminate at night," Doug was saying. "I wonder
what they--my God, Dot, look up--all over. Where is it?"

Far above, the sky seemed gradually to darken into an ever-deepening
shadow of blackness. But the sun--She couldn't find the sun!

"It's a different planet, Doug!"

"And the city--it _is_ lit! There must be a sun but it's down--it's
night, and they've found a way to illuminate an entire city as though
daylight were perpetual!"

And that was when it caught their eye. It was a small store, and she
could see neatly-tiered rows of groceries inside--fruits and vegetables
were easily recognizable even the street's width from them. But it was
the little rack outside the store--the one that held the newspapers.

Almost at a run they crossed the street, and Doug fought down the urge
to reach out, grab one of the editions.

The front pages of the newspapers were easily readable. Because they
were printed in excellent English.

The date beneath the masthead of one was April 17, 1958. The paper was
the Washington Post.




                              CHAPTER III


It was light. Terry had been watching the darkness fade for about ten
minutes, fascinated, because the diffused glow grew as though from
nowhere, and he could not find the sun. At first he'd felt sort of
scared, but nothing happened, so he'd kept watching, trying to find it.

He was still in bed. It was when he became aware that it wasn't his
own bed that he sat up straight, wondering, trying to remember. He was
in a long, narrow place, and there were a lot of beds--bunks, like his
own, lining each side, end to end. Across from him somebody else was
sitting up. All the others were still asleep.

"Hey!" Terry called.

"Hey yourself! Who're you?" the other boy said.

"Terry Blair. What in the heck is this place? What's your name?" He had
a funny feeling in his stomach, and he was hot and sweaty. He wanted to
hear the other boy's voice again.

"Quit your kiddin'--Terry Blair's my brother!"

"What're you talking about, anyway?" Terry said, wondering if the
other boy was trying to pick a fight. "I'm Terry Blair all right, and
I know _my_ brother when I see him! He's Mike Blair, and he don't look
anything like you."

"Say who are you anyhow? Somebody tell you my name or something? You
aren't awful funny."

"Neither are you, tryin' to imitate the way Mike talks."

There were stirrings in some of the other beds, and somebody mumbled
"Pipe down!" Terry tried to be quiet getting out of the bunk. He stood
up, felt a little light-headed, and walked over to the other's bed. He
sat at its foot. The light feeling--and it seemed to be all over him
now--wouldn't go away.

"Come on, don't be wise. What is this place?"

"Don't be wise yourself! How should I know? Maybe it's a hospital.
I must've got sick down cellar or something when Dad turned on the
Contraption--"

"All that funny blue light," Terry said. "But how--"

Then they looked at each other. Hard.

"What d'you know about the blue light?" Mike asked.

"How d'you know about Dad and the Contraption?" Terry countered. "You
spying from someplace?" Terry was on his feet and had both small fists
clenched. "You get up out of there!"

"Wait up ... maybe it put us to sleep, so this is all a dream, like.
Nobody looks the same in dreams."

"You're crazy. They don't sound alike, and you're trying to sound like
Mike...."

"You sound like Terry, too. You could all right in a dream, just like
you know the same things. I'll tell you the first two numbers in the
address of our house. If you can give me the last two, then we will
know. And if you can't smart guy--"

"You don't even know the street we live on."

"It's Delaware, so how do you like that? And here's the first two
numbers--2, 6--"

"8, 1--"

"What'd I tell you? It sure is a dream. You're Terry all right I guess
and I'm me--Mike--but in a dream everybody always looks funny. You got
black hair, all straight and cut short."

"You too. But guess you're Mike though, as long as it's a dream. Only I
feel pretty real."

"Sure, me too. Sometimes dreams are like that. Just like for real."

"Well I hope we don't get into a nightmare. They make me sweat awful."

"I'm all sweaty now--so're you. It's sure hot around here. Where in
heck d'you suppose we are, anyway?"

"You don't think Dad's thing killed us, and--and we're--"

"Naw--they wouldn't have beds or anything. Anyhow, Dad told us all
about that once. There's no such place. It's got something to do with
state of mind, whatever that is."

"Well we've been kinda bad every now and then just the same."

"Dad says that hasn't got anything to do with it, don't you remember?
Nobody keeps books on you, like a report card, or anything. It's up to
you, and you know how you feel about it inside. That's what he said,
and I believe Dad. Dad's smart, Terry."

"Wish he was here too."

"Grown-ups got dreams of their own to worry about. You're not scared,
are you?"

"Who me? Heck, no. Hey, have a look at the funny clothes hanging up at
the side of our beds. Like riding pants, with wide black belts. Look,
some belts got three little silver things in each side. And have a look
at the boots! Hey, feel this one--light as anything."

"Who ever heard of blue riding pants? Besides you don't know how to
ride a horse any more than I do."

"Bet I could though. Boy--"

"Hey, have a look out this window. You can see all over. Gosh, this
must be the same kind of place all the other long ones are."

       *       *       *       *       *

The buildings were long and narrow with rounded, Quonset-type roofs.
They were built end to end in long, dull-blue rows, and the grass that
grew between them was of an exactly matching shade, tall, and lush. At
precise intervals, the rows of buildings were interrupted by uncurbed
streets of hard-packed, dull black dirt, and at the end of the widest
was a field-like expanse trimmed to a perfect circle. The massive,
glittering building in its center was immense. Varicolored banners flew
from a trio of spires rising antenna-like from a single point atop the
highest, oddly flat-topped turret. In the geometric center of the squat
structure's otherwise unbroken curving front was a balcony, molded
deftly into the severe sweeping architectural lines of which it was an
integral, although predominating part. Beyond were rolling hills, and
close above them, a foggy, blue-white sky.

Already waves of heat were beginning to shimmer from the triple turrets
of the gold-hued colossus in the center of the great circle, and the
banners above them were being whipped by stiff gusts that seemed to
blow from several directions at once. Once or twice, there were flashes
of lightning that split the low rolling bottom of the sky, but there
were no gathering storm clouds, nor was there rain.

"Gosh," Terry said. "It sure is funny grass--"

A high, shrill sound suddenly pierced the stillness, and at its signal,
youngsters, no older than themselves were stumbling from their narrow
cots, yawning, standing.

"They're putting on their pants and boots. We better--" Mike was
saying. Wide-eyed, they watched the others, carefully imitated them.
There were no shirts to cover the young, sweating torsos, and dressing
was simple. Just the crisply-cut breeches, the light snug-fitting
boots, and the black belts.

"You guys been assigned to a quadrant yet?"

Mike looked up. He was a taller boy, and looked a little older than the
rest. He wore a gold star in his belt, and there were still-red scars
across his chest and across one shoulder.

"I guess not," Mike said. "What's that? Quadrant, I mean?"

"How long have you been here, anyway? Thought you two came a couple of
weeks ago. On the _Mikol VI_."

The twins looked at each other, then back to the tall, blonde boy.

"What's your name?" Terry asked.

"I'm Jon Tayne. Son of Quadrate Larsen Tayne. Your father's a general
officer just like mine--that's why we can talk together out here.
Otherwise we couldn't--part of the training, you know. Teaches you the
undesirability of class-consciousness. I've been here two years--they
tossed me back. Insufficient conditioning. But it doesn't matter to
me--maybe you'll get as big a kick out of it as I do. I like it here.
Not many do, though."

"It's sure different," Mike said, "but we haven't been here any two
weeks, I don't think. Anyway it hasn't seemed like that long, has it
Terry?"

"Golly, I--"

"Terry? Thought you two were Kurt and Ronal Blair? Washington, western
hemisphere north?"

"We live in Washington, that's for sure," Terry said. "But I'm--"

"Hey I know, Terry. It's all like we said, and here that's us. You can
be Kurt. I'm Ronal. But don't get mixed up."

"Your father's Senior Quadrate Douglas Blair, isn't he?" the tall boy
said.

"He's the Douglas Blair part, anyway," Mike said. "Makes I guess over
thirteen thousand dollars a year, too."

"Say, you sure you're all right? I didn't think you were hit very hard
in practice yesterday, but you talk as if you were. Thirteen thousand
dollars is just about enough to buy a loaf of bread. Your father makes
what mine does and what every other adult does--thirty billion dollars
a year. Then after he contributes his dutiful share to the Prelatinate,
he has a billion dollars left. Didn't you know that?"

"Gosh no. Not exactly, I mean."

"What's Prelatinate?" Terry asked.

"What's--listen, fellows--any one of us, even a Quadrate's son, can
be turned into the Director for saying a thing like that, even as a
joke. Better watch it. If there's one thing you learn here, it's praise
and respect for your government. They're pretty rough on sacrilege, I
should think your father would have told you. My training was started
when I was four, but you sound almost as though you haven't had any
yet."

"I don't even remember when I was four," Mike said.

"That doesn't matter. When an adult tells you something--"

The tall boy was interrupted then by a second sounding of the shrill
signal, and at once, he hurried to the end of the building. The others
fell in behind him in a column of threes. Mike and Terry took positions
at the end of the column.

"Where are we going?"

"Breakfast, I hope!" Terry said. The tall boy pressed a stud in the
wall, and the front door rolled back. Then he turned his head and
bellowed "Section, tench-_hut_! Forward _march_!" And he sounded as
though he enjoyed it.

They marched out, and, to Terry's gratification, it was to a huge,
diamond-shaped building in which they found breakfast waiting.

       *       *       *       *       *

It was during the rest period after the half-hour session of
calisthenics that the _Mikol VII_ landed. Terry and Mike had been
laying prostrate on the thickly-matted, damp blue grass, a little out
of breath but strangely enough, little more fatigued than had they
just finished a short inning of sandlot baseball. They both had been
watching the milky-blue sky, and had chosen a place to rest somewhat
apart from the others. There were hundreds and hundreds of the others
in formations of their own, Terry had noticed, and all together he
could only guess at how many there were. There was one adult in charge
of all of them, but they had not seen him closely yet nor heard his
voice.

Before the first sounds of thunder, Mike had been puzzling a lot of
things at once.

"Did you ever jump so high before?"

"It really wasn't awful high. Higher, though I guess than ever before.
Felt kind of funny, huh?"

"Sure did. Is it hard for you to walk?"

"We never played soldier much--you know how Dad felt about that. The
other guys are pretty good at keeping the same step. We'll catch on,
though."

"I didn't mean that. I didn't feel--well, heavy enough, sort of. I
kinda bounce when I try to walk."

"Me too, but all dreams are funny. I suppose in a dream you could jump
clear over the buildings back there if you wanted to. Boy, wait'll we
tell Dad about dreaming we're in a military school. He'll have a fit!"

"He sure will. Remember that time we asked him about it? I guess even
Mom was surprised at how he flew up that way. He said if he hadn't
thought he could teach us himself how to grow up good without putting
us in uniforms to do it he'd never have had us. But it's kind of fun
though. So far--"

That was when they heard the thundering sound almost directly above
them, but it was like no thunder they had ever heard before. There was
a sudden swirling of the thick sky above them, and they jumped up,
rooted, watching.

The _Mikol VII_ burst suddenly through the heavy clouds, its stern
belching flame and rolling volumes of sound. The heavy air about them
vibrated as they watched.

It looked like a huge, shining artillery shell, dropping groundward as
though held in the grip of some great, invisible hand that slowed it,
held it in perfect balance as it descended wrong-end first, directly
above the circular place at the end of the long, broad street.

"Like a big V-2 going the wrong way!" Mike said.

"It's a space-ship, that's what it is!" Terry yelled. "Comin' in to
land. Just like in the movie we saw, Mike. Just like."

"Look, it's almost down--c'mon up on this little hill here. You can see
'em driving big trucks or something out to meet it. What do you suppose
it's got?"

"Wonder where it's from? Mars, I bet."

"Hi! Pretty sight, isn't it?" It was the tall boy who led their
section. He had his thumbs hooked in his belt just behind where the
gold stars were.

"Sure is," Terry said, eyes glued to the towering craft which had just
settled perfectly to the ground.

"It's the _Mikol VII_, and it's the last shipment before the games.
Guess there'll be another ten thousand or so guys, and then we can
start getting all our equipment issued. They don't give us our stuff
until everybody's here. That's to make it so that we all have an
absolutely equal amount of training. Watch--they're starting to come
out now. Just the way you guys did when you came."

       *       *       *       *       *

Mike and Terry weren't listening. They watched as a great opening
suddenly appeared near the ship's blunt stern, to which an inclined
ramp was being towed by a tiny surface-vehicle. Then they started
coming out, five abreast, in seemingly unending numbers.

"They're still wearing civvies," the tall boy said. "They'll get their
game issue tonight, though, and their equipment, along with us. Trucks
drop it off at each barracks, and then it's given out by each section
leader. I guess there must be tons of the stuff."

"Where they going now?"

As the youngsters poured from the _Mikol VII_ they were grouped into
formations by adults who had come from the huge, golden building.

"Why, to their barracks, just like everybody else does. They ate before
they landed, and their barracks assignments were made at headquarters
on Earth before they even took off."

"On Earth?"

"Sure, didn't you know that? Believe me, it has to be efficient. The
Quadrates and their staffs work all year at headquarters getting
things lined up for the games. They don't show up here until the day
things start. The Director's here, but you only see him once, at
the opening ceremonies. As far as the games are concerned, he ranks
everybody--except the Prelate General, of course. He signs the orders
that split us up into our quadrants."

"Hey, Jon...."

"You better call me lance-sergeant out here. Somebody could get the
wrong idea."

"Sure, sarge! Is that what the gold star means?"

"Uh huh. You get 'em if you volunteer. Like I did, before I was ten.
Sets a good example, you know."

"Gee. Is everybody here our age?"

"Nobody can be more than a month over ten. That's the law. That is
except for volunteers, who are younger, and those who get tossed back
for insufficient conditioning and have to stay for the games all over
again, like me. I was twelve a couple months ago. I like it though."

"But say, what'd you mean about Earth?"

"Well, that's where all the plans and everything are made before you
even leave. You didn't think all that stuff was done here on Venus, did
you?"

       *       *       *       *       *

As Jon had said, the trucks came with the loads of equipment for each
barracks that night after supper. They were large, long trucks and
Terry wondered why they didn't make the awful racket that trucks always
made. There wasn't the stink of burned Diesel fuel. The huge vehicle
just rolled up outside soundlessly, and Terry watched for the driver to
get out. None did. He tried to look into the front of the vehicle, but
it was too dark to see what was on the other side of the long, narrow
windows.

"Nothing in there," Jon said. "Those are just for maintenance
inspection. It'd be a mess if the robot-control ever went out of whack,
believe me. Better start help unloading."

The unloading took less than fifteen minutes, and then the truck moved
on to the next barracks. The rude, wooden crates were heavy, but not
large. There were three for each of the hundred bunks.

When the last was placed at the foot of Jon's bunk, he stood on the
largest one and told them what to do.

"I'll distribute a chisel to each of you," he said, "and as you open
each box, place its contents on your bunk, so that it can be inspected
for fitness before use.

"You will open the smallest box first. In it you will find your helmet
and polishing kit. The helmet is to be kept shined at all times--if
anybody's isn't it's ten demerits. Fifty, as you've all been told, and
you get your records marked 'insufficient conditioning'. Your helmets
may look heavy--on Earth they'd weigh about five pounds, but here
they're just a little less than four. You'll get used to them.

"In the second box--the flat one--you'll find all your personal
maintenance equipment. You should have a whetstone, extra leather
thongs, a set of files, and a small can of oil. They're to be kept in
the condition which you find them, and will be worn at all times on the
shoulder equipment sling which is in the third box.

"In the third box--the long, flat one, are your most important pieces
of equipment. I'll show you how they attach to your arm belt. Needless
to say, they must be kept thoroughly polished--and sharpened--at all
times. Now I'll give out the chisels, and you can open the boxes."

They did. Terry and Mike helped each other when they got their chisels.
They followed Jon's directions perfectly. First the helmet and the
polishing kit. Then the whetstone, extra leather thongs, the set of
files, the can of oil, and the shoulder equipment sling.

Then the eight-inch dagger, the two-foot spiked mace, and the
double-edged broadsword....




                              CHAPTER IV


The price of the paper was $3,000.

"Doug--do we dare--"

"No. We've only got a second or so, as though we were just interested
passersby, looking at the headlines. Got to be careful."

PRELATINATE OKs MORE FUNDS FOR SCHOOLS the eight-column streamer read.
Doug scanned the two-column lead quickly.

"Washington, April, 17--(WP)--Prelate General Wendel announced
through his press headquarters here tonight that both houses of the
Prelatinate have unanimously voted to grant the request of the Council
of Education, 27th Department, for seven trillion dollars in additional
funds for school building. The funds will be used for the replacement
of 34 outmoded buildings in the Department, the newest of which, it
was said, is more than 12 years old. The Council's original request
for five trillion dollars was increased by the Prelatinate to seven
trillion in recognition of--"

_Good Lord_, he thought, _good Lord...._

_City Cabinet Praises Mayor On Budget Expansion...._

_Area Industries Vote Shorter Work Week...._

_Liberals, Conservatives In Accord On Labor Issue...._

_S-Council Reports Second Arrest In Four Years...._

_Veteran Civic Leader Admits Wisdom Of Youth Group's Plan...._

"Doug--oh Doug, none of this can be real...."

"We'd better go. Back to the house. And take it easy, lady...." He
managed to grin a little.

No one passed them on the walk back, but Dot clung close to him as
they walked, as though the mature years since college had never been,
as though simple happiness were again all that mattered.

The mature years....

Doug wondered. Somewhere, he had always known, there was the place
between resigned acceptance of things as they were and perpetual
refusal to recognize a condition for what it was. Somewhere, happiness
was a simple, honest thing, uncomplicated by the devious machinations
of sadistic moral codes that would make a struggle of that right.
Somewhere there was meaning to action, and the hypocrite was at last
fallen from the mocking pedestal of lip-service righteousness.

Somewhere, perhaps long ago, a man had said "I question" even as, at
the same time, another had said "I condemn" and another had said "I
follow". Thus far, had they travelled the same road, but here, the road
was forked. One was a wide path. One an aimless twisting thing that had
no destination. The other, narrow, and ever narrower as it progressed.
And there would be other forks, other paths, that split and re-split as
they tracked the infinite reaches of time itself....

He remembered the first thing he'd learned in his first plunge into
space-mechanics research. _Space cannot exist without time; time
cannot exist without space. Space-time, then, is the fabric of the
Universe._

So the threads were real. As real as the fact that one day in his life,
he had decided to study law rather than to continue as a physicist.
There had suddenly been a new split in the thread, and he chose, and
had become an attorney, and then a man of politics.

What had Carl said? "... _you'd've made that try for the moon a success
last month instead of another near-miss_ ..."

And how many other might-have-beens could there be?

_We conceive of Time, as it is integral with the structure of Space, an
infinite_ ... The second thing he had learned.

And therefore--therefore each thread of might-have-been, unto itself,
_was_.

_Somewhere, there was a Congressman named Douglas Blair. Somewhere,
there was an astro-physicist, an artist, a sculptor, a writer, a
cab-driver, a general, a sailor, a doctor, a thief, perhaps even a
corpse named Douglas Blair...._

"I know," he said to the woman at his side then. "Dorothy, I think I
know."

They entered the beautiful house set far back from a wide, beautiful
highway on a lush, beautiful lawn.

And he tried to explain, until he thought she understood.

He was tired, then. She located food in the house, and he found money
in a wallet in which the identification card said simply Douglas Blair,
Senior Quadrate of Games.

But everything was changed--everything. Not just himself, not just
Dorothy. A whole world. All on another thread, that had started back
somewhere, much further back. Through history, there had been so many
ifs....

In a little while she lay beside him, and they slept.

       *       *       *       *       *

They had intended to begin the search for materials to build another
contraption, but before he was fully dressed, from somewhere, there
was a soft tinkling sound. It was repeated, signal-like, from a far
corner of the room. It came from what could only have been an extremely
simplified, compact version of the telephone, installed integrally with
the ample arm of a lounging chair.

"Shall I?" he hesitated.

"Be careful...."

Doug lifted the slender receiver. "Blair," he said.

"Quadrate Blair, sorry, sir, that the liberty was taken to disturb
you at your home. However, because of the urgency of this morning's
conference at your offices, it was considered wise to remind you of
the time it is planned to convene, as per Instruction 43-A. May you be
expected at 1100 hours, sir?"

He dared not hesitate.

"Yes, yes of course." The voice he answered was a woman's.

"Will you wish the 'copter as usual, sir?"

"Why--yes of course, as usual. Thank you...." He hung up quickly. Dot
was looking at him with the question held at her lips.

"I'm expected at some sort of high-powered pow-wow in--" he glanced
at a delicate clock inset in the chair's opposite arm, "--less than a
half-hour. They're sending a 'copter for me. God knows what will happen
if I don't show up."

And, he observed to himself, only God knew what would happen when he
did.




                               CHAPTER V


When the 'copter swished to a feather-like landing on the wide expanse
of the front lawn, Doug was ready. He had dressed himself in one of
the dozen uniforms he had found arrayed in neat order in a full-length
bedroom closet. He fastened the cape at his throat, wished suddenly
that there was some way he could take Dot with him.

Suddenly she was in his arms, and Doug could feel her tremble.

"Don't worry, honey," Doug said. He opened the door. "So far it looks
pretty civilized--hell, they couldn't be any worse than the quaint
little tribe of cut-throats back home! Matter of fact, if I thought for
a minute anyone here'd believe me--"

"Better not, Doug."

"Not a chance. I'm still one of Our Crowd--I don't trust anybody! And
don't you--Stay put right here 'til I'm back, understand?"

He kissed her, then walked across the lawn to the idling helicopter.

It was empty.

He got inside, then saw the red button with the one word RETURN under
it. He punched it.

Effortlessly, the robot-controlled craft lifted, wafted him in seconds
high above the city. Its rise stopped at what he judged was about 1,000
feet, then proceeded on a course of its own.

"Wonderful, these dreamers," he muttered, and became engrossed in study
of the fabulous city below him.

There was no capitol dome, nor could he find the Washington monument.
But there was still the Potomac, and there were the cherry blossoms.

Then the city became little more than a rolling pattern of line and
color to him, and the thoughts began coming quickly, intensely. An
excuse for the difference in his voice--did people here have colds? The
uniform--suppose something were wrong ... and his own mannerisms--how
closely would he resemble, under the close scrutiny of the few there
must be who knew him well, the man whom he'd replaced--the other
Douglas Blair, who must at this instant be facing the same problem in
a world as alien to him as this was to Congressman Douglas Blair? The
woman on the phone had said "Your offices"--his meeting, then, and
they'd ask questions.

He'd been a fool. He'd never carry it off in a million years! They
were smart--even a half-intelligent person of his own world could spot
the eternal phony trying to bluff for what just wasn't there, even
in the guy who'd learned how from the right books. Hell, he'd be as
transparent as manners at a pink tea.

       *       *       *       *       *

He wondered about the other Douglas Blair, and how the trap felt that
had snapped on him. About the kids--what about his kids? Terry was a
smart boy and he'd know the Contraption had been responsible for what
had happened. Would he try to get hold of Carl or somebody? If a bunch
of technicians or even scientists got to the Contraption, touched
anything.... There would be no knowing about that until they tried to
get back. Either the reference frame would be the same or, if someone
had tampered, it would be completely altered, and Dot and himself would
go from one time thread to the next, _ad infinitum_, with finding their
own again as probable as finding a specific grain of sand in the Sahara.

The other Douglas Blair. And of course, his wife. He knew what they
looked like--she would have Dot's slenderness, her face, eyes, hair....
No one would know. And the man would look like himself. Suppose even
the kids didn't know? Doug wondered if they'd fool the kids.... And
then--then what? No one would know, but that was a joke. They wouldn't
believe it if his alter-ego got to a microphone and broadcast it.
People only believed in gossip, in rumor, in the miracles of wishful
thinking. They never believed in facts. They accepted them, but they
were not convinced. Newspapers would publish accounts of dolls that
wept, but carefully steered clear of the scientific phenomenon if
it were not between governmental quotation marks. It was true of
course--mystery, properly interpreted, could not hurt. A fact defied
interpretation; in the final analysis, it must be taken or left. And
when it was a fact strange to the beliefs of men, it was left for
as long a period as curiosity would permit. And then, of course,
misunderstood.

He wondered how the other Douglas Blair would manage, and what, upon
realizing that his was the superior intelligence and knowledge, he
would do with it....

The 'copter had begun to lose altitude and the flat expanse of a
large roof below was its destination. Its edges were lined with other
'copters, hangars, servicing equipment, men. While he watched a
pilotless ship gently rose into a flight-pattern above the roof toward
which he descended. Another was descending toward it even as he was,
from slightly above and from the east.

And then there were little cold, stabbing fingers of panic inside him,
squeezing, twisting his vitals.

_Relax, mister._

Now it was no longer a pleasantly fantastic detached stage setting,
with red exit lights glowing reassuringly somewhere off in the shadows
of reality. Quite painfully, he felt the chiding slap of reality across
his face.

And it hurt.

_Forget about the Contraption, forget about the smart guys, and their
smart little world--their little dung-heaps of stupidity and moral
cannibalism you've had the colossal luck to escape...._

_Can't do it? That's right--the kids, of course...._

_Sure, but old Mother Nature takes care of that, doesn't she? When your
kids are lying dead on some foreign battlefield you can have more....
That's why life's cheap, old man.... Nature doesn't care--she'll keep
supplying and supplying as long as there are fools enough to flood the
market. And you have your woman, if it's kids you want...._

_It's a clean slate.... Pick up the chalk--_

_But you couldn't name them Mike and Terry, dammit, you couldn't!_

The 'copter's landing-gear touched.

Its blades were still slowing as the two uniformed men appeared
beside it, opened the small door. Doug climbed out, and the two stood
at attention, each right palm open and raised. He understood. The
universal gesture for peace--a salute. An odd gesture to replace the
mock-shielding of the eyes against the glitter of a nobleman's shiny
battle armor!

He returned it, and they fell in at his side to escort him across the
landing roof to an opening entrance, cloaks swirling gently behind
them in the bright morning sunlight.

       *       *       *       *       *

He entered the chamber still flanked by the orderlies. There were
nine men and a woman about the circumference of the long, elliptical
conference table, and they stood as though brought erect by a common
puppet-string as he came through the wide door.

The vacant chair was at the far end of the table. Silently, he was
escorted to it, seated. The others bowed with but a hint of movement
toward him, then seated themselves. The orderlies withdrew, and the
softly curved walls seemed to grow in upon themselves as the wide
doorway through which he had come soundlessly disappeared.

Here they were, then. Ten people whom he did not know, called to
conference for the discussion of some supposedly vital situation of
which he had not the slightest inkling. And he had apparently called
it, so the talking was up to him.

It would mean discovery before he had said ten words.

As they sat, his eyes swept from one to the next in unhesitating
succession.

The woman, next to him, was clothed as Dot had been. He had seen many
less attractive. Of the men, three obviously outranked the remaining
six, who would have looked, were it not for the too-serious set of
their faces, like college athletes. Their three superiors, he judged,
were nearer his own age. The markings at the collars of their blue
cloaks were identical with his own, with the exception that they were
executed in red rather than in white. Four identical insignia--four
identical commands then.

The term Quadrate was at once self-explanatory. Somewhere, there were
four great armies....

And he, apparently, held power of decision over them all. What colossal
thing surged one way or the other at his order? And--who or what, in
turn, ordered him?

Now they were seated, waiting.

_You should've run, you should've run.... What'd you think it was, just
a dream with the label "Impossible" stuck on it? How long did you think
you could deny the reality of what you knew was real? How deep do you
have to get into a mess before you're convinced you don't come equipped
with a guardian angel, a $64 miracle that'll just take you over and
bail you out when the going gets rough enough? Charms and such went out
with the Dark Ages, mister.... Or didn't anybody ever tell you?_

"... Gentlemen, you of course know why you're here...." _That's the
idea! After all, you learned the old double-talk technique a long time
ago--Congressman._ "Therefore perhaps it will be best to reverse the
usual question and answer procedure; I shall hear your questions and
opinions on the matter first, then present my own. Proceed...."

The girl was writing.

The others seemed to be swallowing it.

"Quadrate Blair," the tallest of the three said abruptly. "Frankly,
we were hoping you might lay the matter open in this way! I don't
intend to speak for Quadrate Tayne and Quadrate Klauss, but I think
they have felt the same as I. Is it to be our understanding that we
are to receive no OP for this year's games? I for one would be the
first to grant that our overall system, developed since the days of the
Sahara as it has been, is well perfected, as nearly without flaw as is
possible to make it. Yet the burden of detail is always with us. It is
the small details, after all, each built on each, that have brought
us to the high level we've achieved. There has always been room for
correction, for experiment, for change. Therefore I, and I think here
I may speak for the others, am puzzled that, with the first phase of
the games but a week hence, we have received nothing--and there were
details of last year's Operational Procedure that I know Quadrate
Klauss as well as myself felt should have been further examined in
the field. The boys themselves keep developing new techniques--one
tells the other, a brother, a friend--and we must make it our business
to keep abreast of them, or we'll find ourselves in the midst of
a confusion that could conceivably assail the very psychological
foundations upon which our civilization is built!"

       *       *       *       *       *

The one called Klauss rose then. He had a more soldierly carriage than
the first man, but he was not as tall. His tone was more conservative,
yet of a more subtle firmness. And Doug listened. It was the only way
in which he might gain some hint, some shadow of an idea of what these
impossible men were talking about.

"Would you answer one question, sir?" the Quadrate named Klauss said.
"Is the Director's word on this thing final? I ask this since if there
is still the possibility of discussing further any or all of the
procedure amendments proposed in our checklists...."

The words meant nothing. So far so good, but it was just
stalling--he'd succeeded in gaining time, but when they were finished,
they'd expect some sort of decision, and then a follow-through.

Dammit, he was balled up! Somehow maybe he could fake long enough to
get the materials, build the Contraption and get out. A tele-radio
machine he had examined in the house while Dot slept might provide
some of the needed material, but not the vital stuff. He would order
that from a government supply office as soon as he returned to the
house. His rank should be sufficient to get him what he needed without
questions being asked. The Earth he knew with all its clatter of
empty heads, its life-long familiarity--Terry and Mike were there. Or
this world of seeming intelligence, efficiency, forthright honesty of
conviction? Was there a choice?

The girl beside him moved in her chair. Recording secretary, of course.
She would know. Everything--

_How many times have you dreamed of a world like this? Don't be a
fool...._

"--and I therefore submit, sir, that unless final decision has been
made by the Director, we further discuss the expedited drafting of
the new OP for this year, based on the details enumerated in our
checklists."

The third one rose, the one referred to as Tayne.

There was something in the look of the man that brought Doug at once
on guard. Wide face and shoulders, sharp, small features that gave
his face a curious look of flatness, small eyes. The eyes bored in as
though they could see through Doug's body and into his brain, examine
it, and find it an imposter.

"I think the Senior Quadrate will agree," he said, "that each time the
games are conducted, it must be according to a plan which is as closely
fool-proof as is possible to make it. I think he will agree that
personal feelings have no place in the formulation of such plans--or
their lack of formulation."

All eyes were suddenly on Doug, and he knew that here was a
challenge--that here was something the others had wished to say, but
had considered the risk too great.

"Continue," he said.

"I ask, in the interests of the Council, what the Senior Quadrate's
real reason is for having delayed the revised OP for so protracted a
length of time. I am not in position to demand an answer, but I point
out that I ask the question as an alternative to filing a formal charge
of outright profligacy in office!"

       *       *       *       *       *

The sharp intakes of breath about the table were his cue. Even the girl
hesitated the space of a second in her transcription. Suddenly, the
thing was obvious. And Doug knew he could cope with it--he had, so many
times before!

_This lad_, he thought, _wants to be the next Senior Quadrate!_

"It seems," he said, "the Quadrate has forgotten that the Council table
is not intended as a political arena. He will be seated."

Tayne reddened. But he did not sit.

"The Director be praised but it's time we got to the bottom of this!
Is it not true, Quadrate Blair, that the OP is being delayed so that
whole sections may be entirely revised--in order to conform to your
personal beliefs concerning what you term efficiency of equipment, on
which we hear you expound so often? I suggest sir that you are grossly
overstepping your authority! I doubt seriously that our checklists have
even been consulted! The Senior Quadrate would accuse me of seeking
his position--I'm aware of that--but I ask him point-blank of his own
ambitions toward the Directorate!"

There was but an instant of silence; the Council was stunned. Doug
felt cold little drops of sweat rolling down the undersides of his
arms. What now? Was he supposed to shoot the man on the spot? Fire him,
what? He turned to the girl.

"You will make extra copies of the Quadrate's remarks for the--the
Director's personal file. Forward them to his headquarters as soon
following adjournment of this session as is possible." She nodded. He
was still doing it right. But luck wasn't a consistent thing. "Until
the Director clarifies the status of Quadrate Tayne, pending his review
of this report of his insubordinate charges and my own recommendations
for the severest penalty the law allows for such insubordination, we
will consider the conference adjourned, gentlemen...."

They stood at once, bowed, and flanked by their junior officers filed
silently out.

Doug remained seated. The secretary was gathering her equipment. He
dared ask her--what?

She startled him when she spoke.

"I'll get the transcription coded and prepared for A priority
transmission on the first open Venus channel. But if I may say so,
Sir--not that he certainly hasn't deserved it ever since his brother
got him appointed--it's too bad you could not have found some other
way--I've always marvelled at the methods you've been able to devise to
cope with him in the past. This was--but pardon me. I'm entirely out of
place."

"No, no it's all right. His brother?"

"Why--yes of course, Gundar Tayne. The Director."




                              CHAPTER VI


He had thought like a child to have believed he could have done more
than bluff. He had thought like a child to have taken the impossible
gamble at all. Already he had committed a fatal error, and he knew that
were it not for his physical appearance the farce would not have lasted
ten seconds.

Nonsense! Was not a high stake worth the toss of any dice? Perhaps he
was slightly mad, but he had _not_ thought like a child. Slightly mad,
mad enough to suppose that to win happiness there must be courage, and
with the courage, success, somehow.

He could feel the solidity of the corridor floor beneath his feet as he
followed her toward the panel at its end upon which the words Office
Of The Senior Quadrate stood boldly, with the insignia of the office
inscribed beneath them.

Fatal error be damned!

He would satisfy Tayne! As soon as the panel of the large, private
office slid shut behind them, he would countermand his order to the
secretary and have her scrap the section of her records which was so
much more damning to himself than it could ever be to Tayne. There
would be some other way....

Yes, it was politics. But it was the only weapon he knew, and for the
moment he would have to wield it more skillfully than he ever had in
his life.

And idly, he wondered what they would do if he failed. If, somehow they
saw through the disguise of his body....

He knew what they would do. They would make him build a new
Contraption, make him go. And the Contraption they would make him
build--there was of course too great a chance that he and Dorothy would
miss their own point in time, become hopelessly lost....

And wouldn't it be sheer idiocy to risk that?

       *       *       *       *       *

The office was a miniature of the council chamber. It was elliptical,
furnished with two desks of smooth, soft-finished metal molded to fit
the general configurations of the chamber itself, and planned for both
business-like efficiency and personal comfort. The name-plate on the
larger desk bore his insignia and said Douglas J. Blair; that on the
smaller said Miss Jane Landis.

He seated himself.

"Miss Landis, about that report to the Director. Perhaps--perhaps as
you suggested, it was in, shall we say, bad taste. Better file it.
Future reference."

"Why Doug--what on Earth's the matter?" She put the recording device on
her desk, walked over to his. There was a look of concern on her face
that he didn't understand. What had he said wrong now? Whatever it was,
there was no hint of suspicion in her look, only a vague puzzlement.

Young, and pretty. A trap, perhaps--no, they hadn't tumbled yet.
Perhaps just Nature's own trap and that was all. Funny, Doug thought,
very funny. There were rules. Sometimes you were supposed to be
thankful to Nature, worship her, hold her in awe--and other times, you
were supposed to completely deny that she existed, and villify her if
she had done too good a job. She had done a good job on Miss Landis.

"Why, nothing. It is simply that--"

"But why the 'Miss' Landis? Did I do something wrong? And the way you
just went over and sat down...."

"Sorry ... sorry, Jane." He smiled. "It's Tayne. I think I handled him
rather badly."

"Don't worry so, Doug! I've never seen such a little thing get under
your skin. Everyone knows he never got properly conditioned, even the
Director himself. He's a good games officer, and that's that. He's
always trying to draw someone into a state of anger, and you told me
yourself just yesterday that you're his special target just for the
job. It's a good thing you didn't blow up in there. What came over
you--giving an order like that, I mean?"

"I--let's say I was confused for the moment."

"As long as he's the only headquarters man like that there's nothing to
keep you so upset, Doug. Now come on--"

She was behind the desk, a slender hand on the back of his chair.

"Not--no not now Jane. Anyway you should appreciate my--"

"Your position ... yes.... But Lisa's not the jealous sort Doug, you
know that. Your wife's always been willing to share you with others...."

"I--yes I know that of course...." _Good Lord_ ...

He hadn't even thought of it, hadn't been ready. The entire set-up of
conventions would of course have so many differences--what was simple
bad taste in his time-phase might be accepted as a matter of course
here. And vice-versa perhaps--how was he to know? And he would have to
know.

"Doug...."

He said nothing, and she withdrew a little.

"Doug I'm sorry about getting out of line when I said what I did about
the way you handled Tayne, if that's what it is ... I know my business
and I know yours...."

He remained silent, and she left his side of the desk.

He tried to think, tried to remember the early days in the courtroom.
And he must say something quickly--

"No--no honestly I'm glad you said it. After all, how long have we
known each other, Jane?"

"Ever since--ever since your election to the Quadrature almost ten
years ago."

"Yes--it's a long time, isn't it? Tell me, had you ever known anything
about me before then?"

"Why, only your name, your accomplishments. Your work for the great
cause of politics and government as a journalist. I read a lot of your
work. I thought there was never a man more devoted to his party since
the formation of the Prelatinate itself. You were a great man then just
as you are now, Doug--and you're third in worship only to the Prelate
General himself."

"Worship ... you mean public admiration, respect...."

"Doug, how can you say such a thing? It's like--well, as if they'd said
years ago that they--that they admired or respected their God!"

He felt the muscles in his jaw slacken, caught them.

"There's been a lot of progress since that era, of course. A lot
of hard, exhausting work...." He was careful, lest any of his
question-marks show. At any moment he could imagine her whirling upon
him, shrieking "Imposter!"

But she was taking the bait.

"It seems impossible that there could ever have been a way of life
without the Prelatinate, the Quadrature. Impossible even that there
was once such a thing as war. How terrible it must have been--no
conditioning, the constant killing of valuable adults...."

       *       *       *       *       *

He let her words sink into his memory, pushed them, crammed them into
it, then tried to make them follow through.

"Ironic, isn't it, that without such beastiality there might never
have been a world as we know it now. I sometimes wonder how often they
thought about the future--if they thought about it as we do today.
You know, Jane, I think about the future a lot. Remember what we were
talking about just the other day--a week or so ago, wasn't it?"

And he waited, tensed. Too far, perhaps--

"Doug--Doug you mustn't talk about that any more! The S-Council would
have both of us in a minute if they ever heard us. The boys in white
have sterilized people for less than talking about the desirability of
inter-political marriages. But God, how I wish I'd been brought up a
Liberal! Lisa wouldn't have had a chance!"

"I suppose it would've made the children a problem...."

"An understatement if I ever heard one! Your twin sons--I bet they're
good solid Liberals by now! Do they--do they ever question, Doug? I've
often wondered about kids, brought up in the family party from the time
they're old enough to say 'Prelatinate'. Have Kurt and Ronal ever--do
they ever show a streak of heresy--you know what I mean ... I should
think kids'd rebel, try out some ideas of their own."

"Well, did you ever, when you were a child?"

"No--no I guess not. I see what you mean. If you come out with a really
good question, there's always an answer for you right out of the
Constitutional Commandments."

"And of course no one dares challenge them!"

"Doug!"

"Oh, don't misunderstand, Jane." Almost, that time. He could feel the
sweat start under his arms again. Dammit what an organization. They
worshipped government, they were scrupulously careful to keep a perfect
check-and-balance on political spheres of influence, they had such
well-oiled machinery that even war was impossible.

"Don't worry, I don't."

"I just meant that sometimes it really makes me realize what a
wonderful balance we've achieved. Education, population."

"No form of birth control could ever have solved the problems of
over-crowding and starvation and war as well as the games. You should
know! Without work like yours, Doug, just think what the whole world
could be like! There'd be the problem of enforcing the birth control
laws again, knowing that every time they were violated the threat of
unbalance would grow a little more."

The games again. What kind of magic, what kind of panacea were they? He
thought of the teeming, overcrowded millions in Europe, Asia--World
War I, World War II, Korea, the Puerto Rican revolution in 1955. New
York and her East Side slums, Chicago, and--whatever it was he headed,
it solved these things.

"Guess I'd better get back to the big job," he said then. "--Or
Tayne'll be your new boss! And then--"

"Doug what a perfectly awful thing to say! You've got to stop worrying.
Sometimes you're hardly yourself--honestly, if I didn't know you better
I'd think you'd lost the old self-confidence, the old strut! Your voice
even sounds kind of different. You've got to relax, mister."

"When I get things taken care of, maybe then.... And I think--I think I
can give them something they can't say no to if I go over every detail
once more--a whole re-study." He watched her face closely, nerves taut
for the first tell-tale sign that he'd fallen on his face. But she
nodded.

"Probably help. Shall I bring in the whole file for last year?
Checklists, film-strips, the works?

"Yes," he said. "Yes. That's what I want--the works."

       *       *       *       *       *

Neatly lettered on the file-tab of the heavy folder she brought were
the words WAR GAMES, 1957, and he did not understand.

_War Games, and she had said there was no war...._

Suddenly, he was afraid. Afraid to reach inside the folder, afraid to
find what would tell him that for some fearful reason she had lied,
that this beautiful, sparkling world was nothing but a lie....

He read the file-tab again. WAR GAMES, 1957, it said. No--no he did not
understand.

He drew out the four thick volumes of bound records, the square can
containing the film-strips, the thin sheaf of checklists.

And he opened the personal record titled _Senior Quadrate's Report. May
1, 1957-May 7, 1957. Blair._

And simply, directly, it began on the first page.

_Subject: War Games, 1957: Notes._

_Location: Venus, northern mass, west: N Lat. 38°24' to N Lat. 37°12' E
Long. 41°6' to E Long 39°12'._

_Force: 1,231,693._

_Age range: Reg. 10 yrs. 1 mo. to 10 yrs. 4 mos. Av: 10 yrs. 2-1/2 mos._

_Mortality: 483,912._

_Wounded In Action (Retrieved): 202,516._

_Balance: Minus 200 M; plus 173 WIA._

_Remarks: Within forgiveness margin._

_Conditioning: 3% held over._

_Personal observation: Full month training period completed by entire
quadrant. For male children of the 10-year age level, exceptionally
excellent military discipline this year. From what I witnessed of
the quadrants under Tayne, Klauss and Vladkow, they have experienced
the same good results. Despite use of outmoded weapons, combat
exceptionally vigorous, well-executed and effective. This was
especially true in final phase, with all quadrants meeting on common
front, northern mass (See map, Final Phase,) at which time 692,511 were
committed. Full day rest allowed all quadrants during transfer from
southwestern mass of quadrants 2 and 4._

_Klauss is to be especially commended for this thoroughness in
psychologically preparing his quadrant. Each of its members seemed
completely convinced that battle was necessary to survival; I assume
Klauss' extraordinary success may be laid to a great extent on his
expert use of the propaganda techniques so successful in the World War._

_Tayne is also to be commended, as is Vladkow, for having trained his
quadrant to an admirably high degree of technical proficiency with both
broadsword and mace. (See Recommendations, Final Report.)_

_Removal of dead done with somewhat lower expedience than usual in all
quadrants, due, however to the increased vigor on numerous occasions
to...._

Doug shut his eyes.

No. No, none of this was so. None of it....

"Jane!"

"Yes, Doug. Something--"

"I want to see the strips--now, if possible."

"Hit on something already?"

"The strips I said! Now!"

"Of course--right away, Doug." She pressed a stud in a panel flush with
the desk-top. He knew he had startled her.

But he had to see. If he could see, he'd understand. The words had made
no sense at all, they were gibberish, crazy and he didn't know what
they meant.

       *       *       *       *       *

He held his muscles rigid as he waited for the orderly she had summoned
to prepare the recessed projector, inset wall-screen. _Hurry, damn you,
hurry!_

"Verbal commentary desired, sir?"

"Oh--yes, yes of course."

"All ready then, sir."

"Go ahead then, go on."

The suffused lighting of the chamber suddenly dimmed, and Jane rose
from her desk.

"I'll be in the eightieth level records library, sir, if I'm needed."

"I don't--well if you wish, Miss Landis." She left. Because she
knew--yes, of course she'd known what was coming. And she had left--

In full color, the pictures flashed on the screen.

He watched, only subconsciously aware of the intermittent voice
describing, evaluating, analyzing. He sat and watched as though there
were not a mobile muscle in his sweating body.

_Ten-year-old children, somewhere beneath a fantastic milk-white sky,
painting an impossible blue plain with the red of their own blood...._

The broadswords rose and fell with a savagery unknown to any but the
ancient Turk, Mongol, Spartan. They glinted strangely in a daylight
where there was no sun, and the piked maces swung in circles of red
horror as they tore, smashed, at young, half-naked bodies....

They swarmed across the wide, flat expanses of bush, blue grass,
and the cries that issued from their throats as they charged like
hunger-crazed beasts into the sword-points of their opponents were
mercifully deleted; the maddened distortion of the features on their
white, young faces was enough.

The voice explained, pointed out, reconciled pre-calculated plans with
facts as they transpired.

The masses of mangled young flesh surged now forward now back, to
either side; swelled, bunched, drove, fell writhing....

He saw a head fall, a running body split in two down the back.

"That's all, that's _all_!"

There was bitter stuff in his throat and he fought to keep the violent
sickness bottled inside him.

"Yes, yes sir."

_No no no no no!_

       *       *       *       *       *

The illumination had returned fully when Tayne walked in, saluted
loosely. He carried something in his right hand.

"Yes?"

"There's been an alteration in our rosters--Old Man himself, I had
nothing to do with it. Here."

Senses still numbed, he took the thin plastisheets. He tried to get
the words to make sense. Subject, transfer, quadrant 3 to quadrant 1,
attention, Quadrates concerned.

"Apparently the Director thought it would be better this way. For
myself, I don't see that it could make any actual difference."

What was the man saying? What did--there it was. Ronal Blair, Kurt
Blair: quadrant 3, Blair, to quadrant 1, Tayne. By Command: Gundar
Tayne, Director....

His thoughts spun dizzily. _Mike, Terry--no, those were not the names.
The other Blair's sons...._

_This time, thank God, the other Blair's sons...._




                              CHAPTER VII


"I am apparently a relatively high official in the government. It is
called a Congressman. Although there are many others of equal and
superior rank, I am well liked. I have a strong political following."

"Was there any suspicion?"

"None at all. I had the good fortune, almost immediately upon
discovering my role in this civilization, to gain access to a number of
speech recordings our host had made. His voice is very little different
than mine, and of course within about thirty minutes I had mastered his
tone, his inflection, and his manner of speech. We shall have little or
no difficulty."

They were seated in the living-room of the house; in its den, two young
boys were diligently working at the task their father had set them. The
books were opened in an orderly array on the wide, polished floor. One
read excerpts from the texts as the other quickly gained mastery of a
portable typewriter, transcribed as his brother read aloud.

"Father was correct in his reasoning ... take this ... _with the
desertion by Germany of the League of Nations, the stage for World War
II was set. Failure of the Weimar Republic_ ..."

Their sheaf of notes had grown measurably in thickness since the first
fact had been written on the first page the night before. The boy
had written it slowly as he had begun mastery of the awkward writing
machine--_1. Washington defeats Cornwallis at Yorktown, Oct. 19,
1781_ ...

In the living-room, the woman was listening to her husband.

"By their standards, we would seem as improbable in our psychological
reactions, our reasoning and our way of life as they seem
under-developed and generally inferior in intelligence to our eyes.
When you're among them, Lisa, you will have to guard against the
self-assurance which to them could be easily interpreted as lack of
emotion. Under any but the most intimate circumstances, we might appear
to them as some sort of thinking machinery devoid of what they term
'character' and 'personality'. Other than that, you should have little
trouble. If you should err through some lack of detailed knowledge,
you will find it amazingly easy to cover up." He toyed with a cigarette
in a momentary attempt to deduce its function. He broke it in two,
examined the tobacco grains as she spoke. Her voice was quiet, almost
as though consciously held in check by some secret restraint.

"From your description, these people can be dealt with more or less at
the mental level of a child of eight, then...."

"A child of about 13, on their standards. Not in individual cases,
however--you will have to judge quickly for yourself. There are many
who approach us in mental agility. I believe, from what I've been able
to discover during the last few hours, that our host was one of those.
There are few others of his rank, however, who are his equal."

"That would account for the apparatus." And then in a different voice
and quite suddenly she said, "Dare we not use it, Douglas, and--"

"And what? Lisa, sometimes I think I don't understand you at all. You
seem frightened, I think. Are you frightened?"

"No. No, Douglas."

"That's better. At any rate, we will do best to leave his apparatus
absolutely unmolested. Here, apparently, science is not a restricted
thing, in the sense that the individual is not limited by law in its
study and practice. Technological secrets of the government are of
course carefully guarded, and periodically divulged to the public in
vague or distorted form. However, the individual may be a free agent in
science to the limit of his wealth, interest and intellectual ability.
That is why our host was able to complete a project similar to that
upon which Zercheq was at work when he was apprehended. Although even
my technical training at Quadrature Academy excluded detailed study of
space-time mechanics just as it did nuclear fission, I'm quite positive
that our host has constructed a successful Chronospan, as Zercheq
called it. If we tamper with it, his chances of returning here and ours
of returning to our phase in time are reduced to absolute zero. As it
is, he will be faced with the task of building another to effect his
return--and unless he is a clever man indeed, his chances are of course
exceedingly slim. Zercheq was only half-finished when the S Council
apprehended him."

"We are the--innocent victims of a trap, then."

"It need not be a trap, precisely, my dear. There is a slim chance that
we may return--but that must of course remain in his hands. Quite
probably, he may fail. Therefore, we must go about the process of
adapting ourselves, and in any measure possible, alter and adapt this
civilization to our own methods and standards."

"Please, Douglas--"

"Yes?"

       *       *       *       *       *

She looked away from him for a moment, then back, but with her eyes
lowered.

"I suppose changing them," she said softly, "would be a--a challenge to
you, Douglas." Then her eyes came up, looked full into his. "Please,
let us use his device. Let us go back. I--It is that I--I _am_ afraid,
Douglas," she said.

"Afraid?" His tone was that of a man speaking half in doubt, half in
impatience. "I still fail to understand you, Lisa. A moment ago you
said--"

"Then forgive me," she interjected with a nervous suddenness. "It
is--let us say it is the shock."

"If so it shall wear off. But you may be assured, Lisa, there is
nothing to fear. These people are at least a century behind us,
generally speaking. Sociologically, they are where we were before the
formation of the Prelatinate--purely a case of arrested development
dating from antiquity. Technologically they are very little behind
us--perhaps only decades. I am not as yet familiar with the manifold
details of which the causes are comprised, but the effects in
themselves are starkly obvious. There are wars, for one thing. They
are the end effect of all the other contributory effects. I am in a
position to inaugurate the proper political maneuvers to eliminate this
end effect--and I shall. The problem of changing these people should
be quite simple, and because of their terrible desperation, it should
take astonishingly little time. They are slow-moving when it comes to
governmental function for the direct benefit of the individual, but
in their present state--as I say, almost unbelievably confused and
hazardous--I am quite sure that they can be relied on to favor any
possible solution to the curtailment of crisis after crisis."

"You mean--you mean the games, don't you, Douglas?..."

"Why of course! What else would I mean?"

"They have space travel, I suppose--"

"No--no, oddly, they're highly skeptical of it--it's still relegated
to colorful pamphlets for amusement purposes and to a few rather well
done pieces of fiction with all too limited circulation. But of course,
when the time comes, the Sahara will serve well enough--that is where
we started. Ordinarily, it would take years with people such as these
to convince them to adopt our game system. I shall work through their
weak spots--their fear, their desperation, their willingness to follow
beliefs unfounded in fact. Perhaps even within months ... Lisa, you're
not listening!"

"Yes. Yes I am, Douglas."

"I see. You think that because they're rank amateurs in the philosophy
of political mechanics, I will meet insurmountable stumbling blocks.
It is true they are quite backward in economic theory, and of course
that has its manifestation throughout government as well as the
governed. But fortunately, their motives are transparent to anyone
except themselves--that will help at least in gaining a toehold. Before
I begin, I want a few hours careful study of the notes the boys are
compiling. They've been industrious, I hope and not too taken with all
this."

She did not answer him.

"You are to be highly credited, my dear," he said. He knew her mood
would pass. It had, before.... "They are fine sons. I shall see to it,
as long as we must remain in this time-phase, that the only arms they
shall ever carry will be in the war games which I feel confident I can
inaugurate. They're in the den? After you, my dear...."

He did not notice the sudden tightening of the little lines at the
edges of her mouth.

       *       *       *       *       *

For several days, it was little more than a game of watchful waiting.
There had been committee meetings, sub-committee meetings, and each
had been more tense in the complexion of its discussions than the one
preceding it. These men, he found, were little, desperate men, and had
but only recently come to realize it.

The notes Ronal and Kurt had compiled for him were extensive and
accurate. Fundamentally, he understood the background of cause and
effect underlying the tensions, and had realized at once that these
men had become mired so deeply in the swale of political intrigue
that they had at last come to the point where they would gladly grab
at the nearest straw to extricate themselves. But they had run out of
straws. They had begun running out in the early 1950's; each had broken
pitifully since the Korea fiasco, and now they had been used up. He
listened, for his opportunity could come at any moment--and it must be
precisely the right moment.

"Gentlemen," one of them began in the soft drawl of the south, "I am
in favor of the President's proposal for two main reasons and two
alone: firstly, it is an indirect solution to the thorny problem of
Civil Rights. Secondly, we simply must have the arms. No one could
have foretold that Soviet Russia would have succeeded as she did in
ultimately outproducing us. Therefore we are caught by surprise, and
simply must have the funds, gentlemen. I wish to go definitely on
record as favoring the 50 per cent tax on individual income...."

"Impossible! I think the Congressman forgets the inherent strength in
the will of the people! I tell you they've had all they will take.
Especially in your own state. Congressman--they will become slaves in a
far more severe sense of the word than they ever were before the Civil
W--pardon me, the War Between the States."

"As I pointed out, Congressman, the President's proposal will solve the
thorny Civil Rights problem. And at any rate, the people of which you
so respectfully speak, Congressman, seem to have learned that politics
is after all a matter for the professional politicians. I think we both
realize that whether or not they feel, as you say, that they have had
all they can take, they will do little about it. When, in recent years,
have they, may I ask? I suggest, therefore...."

Several of the conferees looked in Blair's direction, as though
expecting him to do something. But the time was not yet. And when it
came, he must be careful--even in their desperation, they would not
accept it whole-hog.

"--and I b'lieve it is obvious that by working gradually, as we have in
the past, we should not have any of the trouble the Congressman from
New York suggests. Each year, we have simply added a little more, and
promised it would be the last time. Until now, even at 30 per cent we
are in a position to continue almost indefinitely. One thing the people
do fear, gentlemen, is war. We have been skillful, and let us not mince
words about it. They have been thoroughly frightened!"

Of course that was it. Gradually, with accompanying promises.... The
fear had been made a direct thing, and the tangled, subtle causes
beneath had become psychologically, if not actually, inaccessible.

All of the causes, of course, he might never learn. But the general
effects were obvious, so it was on them and with them alone that he
must build his case.

       *       *       *       *       *

It was now a matter of discerning how many of these men were genuinely
concerned with bettering the situation, how many were tenaciously
satisfied with the status quo, and how many were intent on using the
situation to better their own interests. All were desperate men. Only
their goals were different.

In time of course he would be able to do away with most of them.
They would in all probability fail to fit in a world organized about
the psychological concept on which the games were built. The people
themselves, however, if what the southern Congressman had said were
true, would fit perfectly.

And inwardly, he smiled. It was almost a simple thing, because it was
obvious that what the man had said was at least true to a degree. Their
economic set-up was proof of it. Millions and millions of pieces of
green paper, in which they had implicit faith despite the facts which
they knew to be true--that far less than half of their paper currency
was validly backed by the standard metal on which it was based. There
was not that much ore in the planet's entire crust!

But they _believed_ that the system worked, and that was all that was
necessary.

Just as the people of his own time-phase believed that a child could
actually be conditioned for life against violence, after sustaining
the temporary psychological shock caused by a week's subjugation to the
bloody horror of wanton slaughter. It was understood that such severe
psychological shock during the early years of mental development was
sufficient to condition each new generation for life against any future
acts of violence as adults, and it was believed because it seemed
to work. And because it seemed to work, it was believed _in_. Each
surviving youth grew into adulthood as convinced as his neighbor that
the conditioning of the games was life-long, that the psychological
scar they left was permanent, and would therefore render impossible any
form of violent conflict.

The belief, scientifically questionable as it might be, was never
challenged, because there was always the fact to face that there was,
after all, no war.

There was none primarily because the games simply solved the main cause
of it. Carefully controlled mortality rates on the battlefields kept
the population where it belonged, prevented the ultimate over-crowding
which was directly and indirectly responsible at 90 per cent of the
causes of any armed conflict. The few who were sufficiently timorous
to probe the philosophy upon which the system was based were at once
amazed at its simplicity: it consisted simply of a logical premise
that the killing of a required number of immature children was
self-evidently worth the saving of millions of valuable adults. It was
a matter of necessary sacrifice.

Yes, the people of this time-phase would fit into the plan well. Not
because they were intelligent, but because they had a natural tendency
as followers, and because their limited imaginations held them in a
mentally astigmatic state, too concerned with the status quo to ask
questions concerning the future until it was too late.

Blair smiled, this time openly. Tayne could have the directorship back
there! Here there was no Tayne. Here was a world for the asking, upon
which he would at last be the object of primary, not tertiary, worship
by a planet! He could take the shapeless clay--could cultivate it,
could forge it in time into a great, brilliant civilization--and it
would be his, all his. What greater monument to the genius of a man....

       *       *       *       *       *

It was a week later when the time came. The Congressman from the south
had been on a brief inspection of a hydrogen bomb site following a test
detonation. The pink flush had subsequently vanished from his jowls
and in its place was the color of ash. His brain had been mightily
disturbed; he had been forced to the painful recourse of thought, and
that had disturbed it even further.

Two other Congressmen were getting away with intelligent debate,
because the Congressman from the south was at last quite silent.

"... And I contend that our armed forces have not at all times been
informing us truthfully, especially regarding the need for vast land
armies, when it is obvious that they have become obsolete. It is my
opinion that their maintenance is used simply as a tool, gentlemen--a
tool to gouge extra taxes from the public, thereby enforcing their
increased dependence for survival on the government itself."

"You mean, Congressman, to say that the Army lies?"

"Like a rug, Congressman!"

There was a murmur throughout the group, short, whispered exchanges.

"You can substantiate this claim?"

"Do I really have to, Congressman?"

A gavel rapped quickly. Blair had slipped for the moment into the
comfort of relaxation; by the Prelatinate, it was _amusing_!

Then the debate continued, and he was at last convinced that these men
were genuinely afraid that the war from which no amount of influence
or money could buy their safety was imminent. The third war in their
history which would genuinely be fought to win. The others had been
their American Revolution, and their Civil War.

Then, "Congressman Blair. You've had little to say for the last few
days. Perhaps this sub-committee could profit by an opinion from
you...."

The chance had come.

He rose. "I have a plan," he said, "that may seem fantastic to you. I
have waited until most of the routine arguments were heard, so that
this thing would not be any more confused and bogged down in senseless
debate than necessary. I am prepared to answer all questions directed
to me regarding it, but I am finished at the first sign of the usual
harangue."

       *       *       *       *       *

He watched their faces. They were suddenly intense, and there was a new
alertness in them. It was true, then--they did respect him; he had a
good following.

"It is quite evident that our enemy has taken the advantage by
surprise. The nuclear weapons on both sides have kept us deadlocked for
about seven nervous, uncomfortable, difficult years. And the deadlock
is now on the verge of finally being broken, and to his advantage.
He is now capable of outproducing us--his dealings with unscrupulous
American businessmen have finally borne fruit, and he has sprung his
surprise. His nuclear weapons outnumber ours five to one and he is
in the driver's seat whether we care to deny it or not. And we are
stuck with twenty million men under arms in the field--rifles and
hand-grenades, lumbering tanks and a few other ridiculous toys. An
organization so tremendous that it trips itself and falls flat on its
face at every attempted move.

"But you gentlemen are painfully aware of all this, as are the
high-ranking, tradition-bound military leaders who are still denying
it. What you may not be aware of is that we may equalize our position
if we are quick to act--we may counter-surprise, counter-shock, if we
do not delay.

"I therefore ask your support, gentlemen, when I introduce my bill
to immediately lower the present minimum draft age from seventeen to
thirteen years."

The gavel clattered for order. Many had risen to their feet.

"Your questions, one at a time, gentlemen."

"Very well. The chair recognizes the Congressman from New Jersey."

"May I submit, Congressman Blair, that your plan is crazy? You yourself
admitted that manpower alone is woefully insufficient to cope with this
situation."

"It is, as such. In the form of surprise--and believe me, it would
surprise the enemy ten times the degree to which it has obviously
shocked this group here--it would prove of great value, in that it
would reflect a murderously frightening desperation. It would, of
course, have to be simultaneously accompanied by an immediate step-up
in production of nuclear weapons. All other types would immediately
be dropped. Factory shifts would in all instances immediately become
full-day, full-week."

"The Congressman from California."

"And you mean to imply that our enemy would actually stand in fear of a
thirteen-year-old?"

"Human mass has nothing to do with age, Congressman."

"The Congressman from Ohio."

"What you suggest, Congressman, is inhuman, unbearably horrible--you
suggest that we support you in a bill to draft _children_!"

"To make my point more clear, perhaps I should ask some questions of
my own. First, am I to understand that this group was at any time in
_opposition_ to Universal Military Training? And--second, is the youth
of seventeen a grown man?

"Or shall I ask the question this way--where would you rather place
these youngsters--in a position to possibly solve our dilemma, or in
cities that cannot possibly be adequately defended, and have them
marked for certain death along with the rest of us in them?

"You say my proposal is unbearably inhuman. You are right. War is. It
makes little difference how you draft its plans.

"Are there any further questions?"

There were none.

"Very well. I will call for a confidence vote, with the chair's
permission."

"Permission granted."

The Congressman from the south was very white. And very silent.




                             CHAPTER VIII


Dot's face was tense as she watched him. Doug held the delicate phone
device to his ear with pressure that made his flesh white around it. He
was oblivious to the wonder-like comforts of the beautiful home now,
cursing it subconsciously as though it had been built for the sole
purpose of trapping him, imprisoning him here.

The high-pitched signal in the receiver repeated evenly and he forced
himself to wait. His fingers drummed an uneven tattoo on the low table,
vibrated the dismantled parts of the tele-radio set that he'd examined
earlier. The open pages of the catalogue from the Science Council
library trembled in his left hand.

"Electrosupply, Federal Service Division," the voice said suddenly.

"Hail, this is Senior Quadrate Blair again."

"Hail, sir. Is there something unsatisfactory? The equipment you
ordered should have arrived at your home--"

"It has, it is satisfactory. However I find that I neglected to request
a high-speed bl--correction, high-kempage power-pack." He tried to
steady the pages. The closely printed alphabetized lines kept running
together.

"High-kempage power-pack? Your reference, sir?"

"Reference?" The veins on his throat stood out, but his voice was not a
sudden bellow from indignation. "You forget my position! How soon may I
expect the unit?"

"As soon as possible, sir."

He hung up. "Damn," he said. "Damn it to hell anyway!"

"Doug, can I do anything?"

"No, honey, no. We've just got to sweat it out until that pack gets
here. It'll be all right." He forced a smile, sank to a chair, put his
head in his hands. She knelt beside him. "The film-strips, that you
saw--they must have been--horrible."

He looked up. "Horrible isn't the word. God, what people. And at first
they seemed so--What a cold-blooded, ruthless--"

"Easy, mister." She came closer to him and he felt himself relax slowly
at the warmth of her touch.

"What a system.... I guess I read over those reports a dozen times.
They know there is no possible way to tell how long such an awful
mental shock will stay--even in the impressionable mind of a half-grown
child. Yet they accept it as full-blown conditioning process--they
_believe_ in it! They _believe_ in everything around here--they worship
the government, the Prelate General, the Director--even me! And because
there's no war and hasn't been since the first Prelatinate, they keep
right on believing that from the day you fight in the games--if you
survive--till the day you die, you're thoroughly conditioned against
physical violence--" He let the sentence taper off into silence.

"Just rest awhile, darling," she murmured.

He smiled. "Thanks, Dot. But I've got to get that mess downstairs
cleaned up. I'll be all right."

The equipment--the neat sorted rows of resistors, condensers, vacuum
tubes and the rest of it glittered on the long, wide expanse of the
workbench he'd installed. At one end was a half-completed framework,
and at the other--was the blackened ruin of what had been a transformer.

The burnt-out unit had cooled, but the stench of overheated oil and
melted insulation still hung in the air trapped in the blue haze of
smoke.

"Can any of the rest be assembled in the meantime, Doug? I'll help...."

       *       *       *       *       *

He busied himself with the blackened junk. "It could, but it's not
worth the chance. It's got to be so damn perfect. I've got to know
exactly what I'm going to be able to get out of the pack. Got to have
at least 1,000 Volts--or should I say Kemps--anyway. Damn the DC...."

He hadn't found out about the utility power in the house until he'd
blown up the transformer. It was a little thing, direct current rather
than alternating current, but it meant time, and there wasn't much
time. He knew there'd be no chance of his getting through the games
undetected, even if he found a way somehow to stomach such a horror.

There was a gentle chiming sound.

"The front door, Doug!"

"Guess I really threw a scare into 'em! You go up first, I'll douse the
lights."

There were two of them, and their uniforms were white. Their helicopter
idled on the front lawn. They saluted.

"Quadrate Blair, if you'll accompany us please."

They stood there, their faces impassive, their tones matter-of-fact as
though they had asked him to pass the salt.

"Accompany you? I understood that you were going to deliver--"

"S-Council, Department of Security, sir. You appreciate our position.
We have our orders. The Prelatinate-Attorney suggests an interview
immediately, sir. If you will accompany us, please."

"You may tell the--the Prelatinate-Attorney that I'm quite busy, but
that I shall be glad to make an appointment for him later tomorrow."

They stood there. There was a questioning look on Dot's face, and he
had no answer for it. Somehow, they'd gotten onto something. Jane. No.
Tayne again--

"We are sorry, sir."

"I'm afraid I fail to understand. You make it sound actually as though
I'm to have no choice in the matter. Who issued your orders?"

"Office of the Director, sir. And actually, sir, you have no choice. If
you will please accompany us."

They stood, immobile, waiting. There were only two of them. But he knew
that in minutes there could be two hundred.

He went with them.

       *       *       *       *       *

He judged the pneumatic elevator tube had descended at least 20 levels
below the surface before it came to a softly-whispering halt on a
resilient cushion of compressed air. They left the tube, and the same
miracle of lighting that kept the city in eternal daylight was gently
suffused through the entire length of the wide, silent corridors.

They did not walk far. Doug forced his mind into what order he could.
If this were some adventure fantasy from the pages of fiction there
would somehow be an escape, some thing he could suddenly do and the
tables would be turned. But it was not. It was fantastic, but it was as
real as the day the first atomic bomb was dropped.

The sliding panel admitted them to a round, low-ceilinged room similar
in most respects to his own office, even to the intertelecon screen
inset in the curving wall to the left of the large metal desk. The
man behind the desk was thin-faced and slight, but there was an
intelligence behind the high forehead that seemed to put a snap in his
wide-spaced eyes as well as in his voice. But it was the eyes that made
Doug's nerves feel that they must break like an overdrawn violin string
at any moment; the voice was smooth, controlled.

The orderlies saluted and were dismissed. The panel slid closed.

"Sorry to have to call you down here like this, Doug. But damn it, it's
my job, and besides that you've done something this time for which
there'd be hell to pay if the PG ever found out and you know it as well
as I do."

He gestured Doug to a chair. The Prelatinate-Attorney's tone was
relaxed, but Doug wondered how it might have sounded to a man of lesser
rank than himself.

One thing was certain; it was time to go back into the act. "I suppose
this all is leading up to threats of the S-Council--"

"Doug, when the DO buzzed me and said they'd been notified by
Electrosupply that you'd refused to give a reference for a piece of
equipment you ordered, there was nothing else for me to do but to get
you down here on the spot. You can imagine where I'd be if I didn't."

"It was Tayne I suppose."

There was a quick flick of the attorney's eyes, but his face didn't
change. "Personalities don't matter, Doug."

Doug waited for it. Behind the nonchalance, the
employer-to-faithful-but-errant-employee tone, there was something of
hard spring steel, coiled, waiting to be sprung.

"I'm not sure I like your tone," Doug bluffed. "I have some degree of
position you know--"

"Yes, I know--you seldom let anybody forget it. I understand you've
even reminded the Director on occasion...."

Doug shrugged. "Suppose we get down to it. Just what is there this time
that has the DO so upset?"

       *       *       *       *       *

The Attorney stiffened visibly. "What _is_ there? You mean you
don't realize that you've come about as close as anyone can come to
committing a capital heresy? Did you actually suppose you could order
a thing like that without a triple-endorsed Science Council reference?
You know as well as I do how strict the law is about possession of
restricted equipment of any kind by anyone except members of the
Science Council itself. Even the Director has to go through channels!
Where d'you think we'd be, anyway, if just anybody and everybody could
read any books, tinker with any kind of paraphernalia they wanted to?
Damn it, man, if every Tom, Dick and Harry went fooling around with the
knowledge that wasn't food for them the whole damn planet would be in
the S-chambers!"

"What do you mean, restricted--?"

"And we can't have any exceptions! Except, that is, for the special
training such as picked men as yourself received at the Quadrature
Academy. But when it comes to personal possession of restricted stuff,
without the required reference, you might just as well be caught with a
copy of Freud in your library!"

The pack. That had to be what he meant--he'd been phoning for the pack,
and they'd asked for a reference.... Somehow, he had to--the catalogue!
_The closely printed lines that got tangled up because he couldn't hold
it steady!_

"You're accusing me of ordering restricted--"

"Now look, Doug. You'd better tell me--I don't want it on the record
that I had to use Right of Office to get an answer. You ordered a
high-kempage power-pack. Now what for?"

"High-kempage power-pack? You can't be serious!"

"I've warned you, Doug."

"Warn and be damned! You sit there and repeatedly accuse me of ordering
restricted equipment--without reference, and you haven't even got your
facts straight! Did Electrosupply tell you that?"

A peculiar look was on the Attorney's face.

"DO said so."

"Well you could've saved us a good hour's time if you'd have called me
to see what I had to say first before dragging me over here as if I
were a common criminal! I think an apology will be in order!" _If only
Barnum had been right!_ "What I ordered, just in the event you're as
interested as you say you are, was a high-speed blower-rack!"

"A--what?"

_Reel him in!_

"A high-speed blower-rack. So happens I'm having trouble with the
electronic units of my vento-conditioner at home, and I'm doing the
work myself more or less as a project in avocational therapy--"

"Now it is you who can't be serious. How great a fool do you think--"

"Damn it, whose word are you going to take in this?" Doug stood up.
"Some Electrosupply technician's, who can't hear any better than you
can reason, or mine?"

There was a second's silence.

"All right, Doug. You're a fool, you know. You are, and so am I.... It
was a high-speed blower-rack. I'll make sure it's set straight."

"Well, thank you."

"Just be careful, Doug."

"That's good advice--don't wear it out!"

He turned quickly, made his exit before the panel had widened half-way.




                              CHAPTER IX


The ugly, black building stood out like a shapeless smudge of soot
against the milk-white sky, but it was by sheer accident that Terry and
Mike discovered it, built as it was at the water's edge where the high
blue grass had been neither trampled nor trimmed, and at a distance
further from the training areas than they had ever ventured.

"We'd better go back, Terry. We'll get in trouble." Mike's young
body glistened with perspiration as he stood on the knoll with his
brother, eyes still fastened to the low black structure as he spoke.
His equipment belt was heavy and he tugged again at it to change the
distribution of its weight. The broadsword swung loosely at his left
side, not quite counterbalancing the mace which hung by its thong to
his right.

"They said there were a couple of hours before the next class, didn't
they? The guy in the sharp uniform said we could amuse ourselves any
way we wanted."

"Sure, but this isn't the way the others are doing it. They all went
out and started practicing with the swords again. We oughtta."

"You rather do that than go exploring?"

Mike touched the half-healed flesh-wound on his right shoulder. He
remembered how the short, dark-haired kid had laughed when it had
started to bleed, and then how mad he got when he found he couldn't use
the sword well enough to cut him back.

"I'd like to get that guy."

"Don't be a dope. It's only a dream--you didn't really get hurt. Come
on, let's see what that place is. Nobody's around...."

"Maybe it is only a dream, but he made me mad. Boy I'll cut his ears
off if I--"

"Aw, come on."

They had barely started down the opposite side of the knoll when Jon
Tayne's voice hailed them.

"Hey, you two! Where d'you think you're going, anyway?" They waited
for him. There was a cross look on his face which Mike immediately
resented.

"Over there." He pointed toward the black building. "What's it to you?"

"Nothing to me, but it'll be double duty to you if you don't get back
to the recreation area right away."

"There's a lot of time yet. He said we could amuse ourselves, didn't
he?"

"That doesn't mean walking around wherever you please. It means just
what it says--giving your weapons a work-out. I was called away from a
good match just to come and find you two. Come on."

They turned, fell in at either side of him.

"We didn't mean anything wrong," Terry said.

"They'll let it go this time because you're new, and because you are
who you are. But you guys had better be more careful. That's restricted
back there."

"What's that? Restricted?"

"You should know that!"

"What is it?"

"Your father never told you anything, did he?"

"Sure--course he did. Lots of things. But there's no way he'd know what
that place is."

       *       *       *       *       *

Jon stopped in mid-stride. "No way he'd know? You crazy?"

"Who's crazy?" Terry clenched his fists, stuck his chin out.

"Look here--you want a fight or something?" Jon's hand went to the hilt
of his sword. Terry unhooked his mace. Mike had his sword half free of
its wide scabbard.

Jon let his arms drop to his sides.

"Come on, wise guy, who's crazy?" Terry glared at him.

"You know what'll happen to you if you do anything to a section leader?"

"We didn't ask to be here," Mike said. "And we didn't ask to be pushed
around, either, or told where we could go and couldn't go. Or be called
crazy, either. The whole thing is dumb."

"After the games, if you're still alive, I'll report you for that," Jon
said.

"Still alive? Who you kidding? You talk like there was going to be a
war. Grown-ups do that, kids don't."

"What do you think you're being trained to use your weapons for?"

"That's easy," Terry said. "So we'll know how to use 'em when we're
grown ups. It's called UMT or something."

"You guys _are_ cr--ah, don't be funny. The games start in three days,
then you'll know if you're in a war or not. And frankly, I hope you
both end up back there." He turned, started walking.

Terry and Mike let their hands fall from their weapons, followed after
him.

"Nobody's being funny," Mike said. "Suppose we do end up back in that
place? So what?"

"Listen the hero," Jon said. "You planning on taking on the whole First
Quadrant single-handed or something? They sure don't bring you back to
life back there, if that's what you think. They just make you a little
deader."

"Deader?"

"Well I'd rather be buried if I get killed than burned into a little
pile of ashes and sent home in a jar. And that's what they do. There's
not enough land on Venus to bury everybody every year, and they sure
aren't going to go to the trouble of hauling a bunch of corpses out
into the ocean just to dump 'em. Not when they can burn 'em up, anyway,
right here."

"Burn 'em up?" Mike said, feeling funny in his stomach. "Alive?"

"Not often, I guess. Only when there's a mistake and they don't notice
it in time. Or if there haven't been enough guys killed to make the
year's quota. Then they take unconscious ones. That's what my father
told me once, anyway."

"Suppose--suppose you're just hurt bad? Do they--"

"Not if they've made the quota. If you end up hurt they take you to the
other land mass--there's a big hospital there. I've never seen it, but
my father says it's the biggest single building ever made."

"How long are you kept there?"

"Until you're recovered, of course. The longest case on their records
was my cousin's. He got a broken neck when he was hit in the face by a
mace, and lost both eyes. They repaired the cut nerves, gave him two
new eyes, and fixed his neck in about a month. They can do anything, so
you don't have to worry. I got a broken back myself last year--I was
out walking in two weeks."

       *       *       *       *       *

The recreation area was almost in view. Already they were able to hear
the clash of metal on metal, as though a great tangled mass of scythes
was being shaken by some huge, clumsy hand which could not break them
apart.

"Jon...."

The section leader was quickening his pace. "Yes?"

"How in heck do they know about the quota? How do they know if they
should pick you up if you're hurt, or just leave you there?"

"The tab ships take care of it. There's a whole fleet of 'em, and they
cover each area where there's fighting. They tabulate everything that
happens with things called telescanners, and they keep in constant
communication with the Quadrate's ship. Any time during the fighting,
they know if they're ahead of the quota rate or behind it in their
own area. And all the time, the Quadrates are comparing the figures
they get from the tab ships with each other so they can keep a running
record of the quota rate for all four quadrants. As long as the rate's
right, or high, the medical ships keep landing and picking up the
wounded, and flying 'em back. When the tabulations show the rate's
lagging, the medical ships take it easy until they get the word to get
to work again."

"They wouldn't have so much work to do if we could use guns instead of
these things," Terry said. "I think guns would be more fun, don't you?"

"That's what your father thinks, isn't it?"

"Gosh, no, he doesn't--"

"My father says that killing at a distance isn't much good, because you
never get into close contact. And if you can't see what happens when
you actually kill somebody, you can't get conditioned very well. You'd
get bored just sitting around with a gun. And even in the short time
of a week--"

"Is that how long it lasts?"

"Usually about that. But even then with guns, you'd get used to it.
With swords it's different. You don't get used to that in a week. You
still feel pretty shaky when it's all over, believe me...."

"Were you scared, Jon?"

"You shouldn't be scared," he said. "All you have to remember is what
they keep telling you--the others will kill you if you don't kill them.
Always remember that. Then it gets to be sort of a--well, like a game,
to see who's strongest, who can use a sword the best...."

"Yeah," Mike said. "Wait'll I get that guy!" His fingers brushed
lightly against the half-healed wound again.

Jon laughed. "Sore at somebody already?"

"I'll cut his ears off!"

"You're getting the idea all right! Just be sure you don't go breaking
any more rules--you can't kill anybody until the games begin, you know."

"I'll show him!" Mike said. "How long do we have yet to practice? Now,
I mean?"

"Half an hour, maybe. I'll see you later. I'll forget about reporting
you this time--but don't go for any more walks!" He left them, and they
walked into the recreation area with the others.

Mike found the boy who had laughed. And he found that it was as Jon had
said. There wasn't any reason to feel afraid. The sword wasn't as heavy
in his hands as it had been at first, and it was more thrilling to use
than just fists....

The other boy was grinning, and it was easy to get mad enough to want
to cut his head off. Both hands on the long haft of his weapon, Mike
swung harder, more surely than the first times he handled the sword. He
could parry, now--and cut. Like _that_!

The boy staggered back. The side of his head was bleeding profusely,
and the blood spurted through his fingers as he pressed them to the
gaping place where his ear had been.

"Rules! Rules!"

Mike lowered his sword. That was right, the rules. He couldn't kill
now....

So he tried to laugh. At first he had to force the sound from his
throat, but suddenly he found it coming easily, clear, and loud.

The boy left the field toward the medical tents.

And Mike found another with whom to practice. It was what Jon had said,
a great game--a great, crashing adventure!

He swung the sword and wondered if the dream would ever have to end.




                               CHAPTER X


Doug worked silently. His eyes stung, and he wasted a moment to rub
them again, because he must see, must see so precisely, so exactly. The
work table was almost bare of the equipment he had ordered. The new
Contraption had devoured it into its fantastic vitals as fast as his
taut hands and flagging memory were able to feed. Yet it was useless
work--the gleaming thing he had built would never so much as fry an egg.

Yet he worked as though the power-pack were resting on the table
among the scraps of wire, bits and pieces that were left, as though
somehow it would be there when he needed it, and then they could go,
could escape, and then forget... The two shiny terminals glared at him
dully like two tiny eyes, each telling him that he was such a fool to
hope that they could ever be anything else than bare. They glared at
him, told him that he was finished now, finished, but with the end
impossibly far away.

He let the tools drop amid the bits and pieces The Contraption was a
cold, dead thing, a mockery without its great surging electric heart. A
mockery, a precisely assembled heap of shiny junk.

He was near exhaustion as he looked at the two empty terminals.
The anger in him had burned out and became a cold leaden thing. He
no longer cared about the ridiculous beliefs, the regulations, the
laws that prohibited him from obtaining the thing he needed to free
himself--no longer cursed himself, for it was not he who was to blame.

He went upstairs to where Dot slept, and wondered if this was how it
felt to be a thousand years old. Finally tired, finally fed-up, finally
weary of being a fool.

He watched her as she slept, watched the gentle rise and fall of her
breasts, let his eyes wander over the soft symmetry of her body, and
asked himself why men were so dutiful in creating their clanking
idiocies about life and about death when all that such diligence
accomplished was eternal blasphemy of the pure and simple. The
beautiful they defiled, then disguised the ruin they left with a cloak
labeled Duty, and went forth armed with the rotten wood of what they
called Law to build a dingy world more to their liking than the garden
that had been given them for nothing....

It was not fair, no it was not fair, but he was tired at last. Too
tired to look now for another time-track, to throw the Contraption
wildly out of focus and careen through a thousand tracks, a million,
and look for a place where a man and a woman could be simply that and
nothing either more nor less. For in all infinity there was no such
place, and the running would be worth less than the wasted breath it
took.

With Dot, one last time, then.

She stirred. Her eyes opened, and she smiled.

"Doug? Did you finish it, Doug?"

"Yes. Yes, I finished it, as far as it ever will be finished."

She dropped her eyes. "We can keep trying." They met his. "We will keep
trying, Doug. We've got to--for Terry and Mike...."

He said nothing. He sat heavily on the bed, his features grim.

He took off his shirt and dropped, exhausted, beside her.

       *       *       *       *       *

He awoke with the idea. "Dot! Dot I think I've found it!" He was
instantly on his feet, trying to jam the sleep back from the center
of his brain, trying to make sure it was no left-over figment from a
nightmare, a wild dream. He heard her foot-steps coming almost at a run.

"What is it? You sound as if you've found a pre-Truman dollar under the
bed--"

"I don't know--it may be as half-baked as the kind that came
later--worth even less, perhaps, but it's worth a try. They say
desperate situations call for desperate action...."

"Take it easy, now. You aren't the blood and thunder type, exactly!"
There was a note of cautious anticipation in her voice, but there was
hope in it, and it was enough.

"Tomorrow--or more exactly, some sixteen hours from now, we are
scheduled to take-off for Venus headquarters to begin the games...."

"Yes, I know," she said quietly.

"Well that's it, don't you see? I'll go of course--I'll go but not all
the way!"

"Doug I won't let you--anymore than you'd let me try to seduce the
Prelate General into giving us the thing!"

"And I'll bet you could, too!" He laughed, and it was a real laugh
for the first time in what seemed all his life. "But I'm afraid the
Prelate General is going to be denied that dainty bit of intrigue, my
darling. Don't you see? Space-ships--they've got to have a method of
communication! High-frequency radio--high-voltage stuff! Ten to one I'd
find a power-pack aboard!"

"No, Doug, no...."

"It's a chance, Dot, and it's a good one. I'll be the ranking officer
aboard of course--I shouldn't have too much trouble in pirating the
thing--I'll make them rip the pack out for me, then I'll order them to
bring me back. Then it'll just be a race against time."

He stood there, staring at the delicate tracery of a lattice-work wall,
not seeing it. But he heard the fear in Dot's voice.

"A space-ship, Doug.... Why you'd--you'd die."

He laughed. "I'm sure the other Quadrates don't plan on dying, not for
awhile yet, anyway. And I know it'll work, if I'm careful. And I've
been careful so far." He looked at her, and the fear had not left her
eyes. "You mustn't be afraid, Dot," he said then. "There's less to fear
this way, because this way there's at least a chance. Don't you see the
beauty of it--right up to the last moment, everything will appear to
be as it should--and then before there's even any suspicion I'll take
over--probably be almost back to Earth before they even know anything's
gone hay-wire."

"Won't they be able to radio back from the other ships, I mean, when
they realize things aren't as they should be--that the ship you are in
isn't tagging along in the formation? They'll just be waiting for you
when you land, Doug."

"They'll want to be waiting, sure--but they won't know where, not until
I'm down, and safely out, headed here."

Dot didn't say anything then. It was such a story-book plan, such a
crazy thing that it would never work; she knew it would never work.

"Doug, Doug...."

He held her close to him.

"Dot," he said, "we have two choices I think. We can be mature, we can
be logical, we can make a tragedy out of a desperate situation and die
martyrs to conservative thinking. Or we can keep grabbing at straws
until we are sunk or end up ingloriously alive. Which way?"

She looked up at him, tears in her eyes. "I guess a knock-down drag-out
thriller, mister.... But Doug--I'm scared."

       *       *       *       *       *

He stood still, apart from the other three as they talked in low,
casual tones, waiting for the space-tower signal to board their ships.
An early morning breeze tugged gently at his blue cloak, and he had to
shield his eyes with his gauntlets as he looked at the four slender
columns of glittering metal that tapered to needle points high above
him. A quarter their diameter and height they might have been simple
V-2 rockets on some strange desert proving-ground. At the same time
they were the fantastic silver darts that he remembered from the pages
of colored Sunday supplements which had foretold the coming of flight
through Space. Yet the feeling of everyday security that they tore away
was replaced with a vigorous thing inside him that was of firmer stuff
than awe, more challenging than fear, more exciting than adventure.
And suddenly, sailing ships were the toys of children, and oceans were
spilled tea in a saucer.

They were a strange people, Doug thought. A horrible people, perhaps,
a people whom he wanted desperately to escape. Yet a people who had
learned that the sky and the Earth were not enough, nor were ever meant
to be.

A green light flashed. The three Quadrates ended their conversation,
boarded waiting surface-vehicles and started toward their ships.

A car with a pennant bearing the insignia of a Senior Quadrate flying
from atop its sleek passenger enclosure drove up beside Doug.

"Your transportation, sir."

He returned the salute. "Thank you, no. I shall walk," he said.

It was a short walk--less than two hundred yards, but he did not want
it all to happen too quickly.

His steps were measured in slow, deliberate cadence as he crossed
the smooth plaza toward the great craft on which his insignia was
emblazoned.

At length he was swallowed up inside it, and at a flashing blue signal,
the four great ships thundered for the stars, and left Earth a little
thing behind them.




                              CHAPTER XI


Acceleration had left Doug at the brink of unconsciousness despite the
hammock in which they'd secured him, but gradually the roar in his ears
subsided and the words took shape, as though they were being spoken
from the bottom of an empty well.

"... SQ check one ... speed five-three thousand one two oh,
acceleration two point one, steady ... trajectory minus two point oh
five seconds at eight thousand two hundred, three hundred, four, five,
compensate please ... plus point oh three seconds at nine thousand,
seven, eight, nine, compensate please ... SQ at stand-by, over."

"Three-dimensional plot-check, sir. Reconciled, and steady as she
blasts...."

"SQ to control, SQ check one, trajectory secure. Out."

He fumbled with the wide straps across his chest and hips, and his arms
were awkward as though he had lost at least half of his co-ordination.
He could taste blood at the corners of his mouth, but it was already
caking to his flesh.

"Old Man had a tough time this trip, sir...."

"Yes. When they're desk passengers for six months running and then try
to get aboard a space-deck they find it isn't as easy as when they wore
an ack harness every day. The price of being eager, sergeant."

"Yes, sir. He ought to be coming out of it soon."

"We'll be locked tight on the curve when he does. Off a half-second and
he'll holler like a Conservative--especially after final compensation.
How close did we come to the C-limit this time, anyway?"

"Had almost a minute to spare, sir."

"Nicely done, sergea--I think I hear him trying to get the deck under
him. Better get over to the trackers."

The words Doug heard still weren't making sense, but he was on his feet
and had his balance. He had slid oddly down to the metal deck from
the bulkhead on which the hammock was built, and he had the peculiar
feeling that up was no longer up, nor down exactly where it was
supposed to be. His body did not feel as though it were all of lead as
he'd half-expected, although it didn't feel its usual hundred and sixty
pounds, either.

He was still focusing his eyes when they saw the weird blur of color on
the bulkhead above the crewman's head. Teleview screen of course--and
the middle blur--Earth.

In moments he was able to see it plainly as it receded--a tan and blue
mass dotted with white, shadowed to the shape of a football, hanging in
what seemed direct contradiction to all the laws of physics in a great,
black void.

For minutes he stood without moving, oblivious to the immaculately
polished masterpiece of engineering which surrounded him.

As a video-image, what he saw could have been nothing more than a
cleverly-done stage prop, an ingenious painting by some futuristic
artist. But the realization that it was real held him fascinated.
Of all the human emotions, here was one that could only flounder
helplessly for expression, for it had no precedent for comparison.
The awe and the strangely-placid fear were intermingled with a sense
of brute power; the sudden loneliness and strange humility were
woven inextricably with an irrepressible consciousness of godliness,
of unbounded omnipotence. And Doug knew that the first airmen had
but touched a tiny edge of the sky, for here was the sky in her
entirety--the infinite woman, at once belonging to man, yet an unending
mystery to him, and granting of her uncountable secrets but slowly,
enticingly, stubbornly.

As he watched, the tan-and-blue shape shrank gradually as though Space
were tauntingly erasing it from existence.

       *       *       *       *       *

The interior of the compartment in which he stood had been designed
with the same simplicity of line as had the ship itself, and with so
smooth a compactness that it seemed to occupy more of the ship's long
interior than a bare third. The two crewmen had evidently not seen him
as yet; they stood with their backs to him, their eyes intent on the
long, curving banks of dials which ran the gamut of geometrical shapes.
Oddly, their hands hung idle at their sides. Doug wondered if they
constituted the entire crew, and if they did not, how many more of them
there were.

He would let them speak first. He walked over to a panel of dials, gave
them a studied scrutiny. The officer turned immediately.

"Ablast thirteen minutes, sir, at fourteen thousand miles. I believe
you'll find our track with zero variation. C-limit was passed four
minutes ago. Glad to have you aboard again, sir."

Doug returned the salute, nodded his head in acknowledgement of
information he had no way of understanding.

"Communications effective?"

"Why--yes sir. Sergeant, prepare space-radio for message--"

"No, no." Doug waved the sergeant back to his post. "Just--checking,
captain. How long since the last overhaul of your unit?"

"Why, at the prescribed overhaul date for the entire ship, sir. I
believe about four months ago, sir."

"Don't you know, captain?"

"Four months ago, sir."

"I see. If I may inspect the unit, captain."

"Sergeant! Prepare communications for inspection!"

He had no way of knowing how unorthodox his procedure was, only that
while aboard the ship, at least, his rank was the final law, and that
they would never land on Venus. Yet, these were intelligent men, of the
same high caliber as those Earth-bound in the headquarters units. He
must be cautious.

Within minutes, the complex communications assembly had been bared, and
its circuits were half-mystery to him. Yet the fundamentals would be
the same, as they had been with the equipment he had ordered to build
the second Contraption. Only the shapes, the sizes, the juxtapositions
different.

"Your transmission power supply, captain--"

"The power-pack, sir?" Inadvertantly, the officer glanced at the unit
and Doug followed the glance. Smaller, more compact than the best he'd
seen in his own time, yet obviously evolved on identical principles.
But now he had to carry the farce out, had to wring some of the
freshman stuff from his memory.

"Sergeant--" He gestured toward the unit as he removed his gauntlets.
"What is the v--Kempage on the plates of the final amplifier?"

"Eleven hundred Kemps at 300 milliamperes, sir."

"Very well. Suppose you give me the final power supply nomenclature!"

"Yes, sir. Genemotor, type A-26-F modified. Two hundred fifty Kemp
input, eleven hundred Kemp output, at three hundred milliamperes. Two
filter condensers, type L-73 new departure, one filter choke, L-12, one
bleeder resistor--"

"That's enough, sergeant. Captain, upon perfunctory inspection at
least, your communications unit seems to be in excellent condition.
However, I suggest that after this you commit each successive overhaul
date to memory."

"Yes, sir."

       *       *       *       *       *

So far, so good, Doug thought. Yet it was a thing of mocking irony.
He was actually perfecting the act so well that one day the risk of
impersonation would vanish entirely--yet now, now he must use it to
its utmost to carry through a desperate plan to escape, rather than to
stay. Worse, it was even a double irony, for had he sought escape at
first rather than a lifetime of imposture in this next-door world, they
would have helped him. Of course there were the games--he might never
have learned enough in so short a time to have gone undetected through
them. It was a strangely reassuring thought; it eliminated choice. But
at the same time it heightened his desperation. There was only one mark
at which to aim, but it was a bull's-eye with no margin for error.

The captain was speaking to him.

"... care to check the flight-pattern coordinates? Sergeant Zukar here
is quite justifiably proud, I think, of his ability to delay terminal
compensation until the last fraction of a minute before C-limit is
reached...."

"No--no thank you, captain. I am quite satisfied. I would like,
however, a routine check of the remaining crew."

"Remaining crew, sir?" The captain's face was suddenly a mask of
perplexity, and his features were again taut. "I'm afraid I fail to
understand, sir. Unless there were last-minute orders which I failed to
receive assigning two additional--"

He had discovered what he wanted, but he had been awkward....

"Yes, yes of course, captain. The orders for Tayne's ship. For some
reason I--"

"Of course, sir."

Not a natural, but he'd made the point. But he couldn't let the dice
get cold now. Only the two of them aboard; that made it simpler. And
the sergeant had said the power-pack used a 250 Kemp input, the same
as the wall current at the house. Usable, then, and he had to get it
back....

He walked slowly over to a bulkhead seat, sat down.

He groped uncertainly for the brief-tube he'd brought, let it fall with
a clatter to the deck.

The captain was scooping it up in a trice, and Doug twisted the muscles
of his face into a grimace of discomfort.

"Sir,--sir, is there something wrong?"

"I--no I don't think so, captain. Nervous strain, I'm afraid. I--"
Another grimace.

"Sergeant! Three neuro-tablets at once--"

"No, no--" Doug said. "Like poison to me." He doubled over.
"Captain...."

"Yes sir, what can I get--"

"Nothing, I'm afraid.... Back to Earth as quickly as possible--"

"Back to Earth, sir? But that's impossible! We're at least thirty
minutes past C-limit, sir ... the trajectory's locked. We must
continue, of course."

"Must--must _continue_?"

"Why, yes of course, sir."

Doug straightened his body, but kept his arms locked around his
middle, kept the grimace on his face and feigned shortness of breath.

"Of course _what_, captain?"

       *       *       *       *       *

A look of comprehension came suddenly to the captain's face. He
straightened, stood again at attention. "According to Constitutional
Commandments Four, Part 3, Sub-section 12 as amended July 9, 1949,
part A: 'All space craft shall be robot-controlled and shall fly
predetermined trajectories, save (1) when bearing members of the
Science Council and/or their certified representatives, to whom manual
operation and navigation at will is singularly permissible, or (2)
when insurmountable emergency shall occur. All other craft shall be
launched on the predetermined trajectory as hereinbefore stipulated,
and shall be compensated to their true course by remote control from
Earth for so long as radio impulses between ship and Earth shall be
for all practical purposes instantaneous. Beyond this limit, to be
hereinafter described as Compensation Limit, whereafter distance shall
create a time-lag of communications and corresponding control impulses
so as to make further remote control an impracticability the ship shall
continue on the trajectory as last corrected under control of its own
self-directing, or autorobot, units. These units will be constructed
so as to be inaccessible to all passengers, including instrument and
communications technicians."

For a moment Doug said nothing, let the captain remain at attention,
struggling to regain his breath and composure. The man had thought the
feigned sickness was simply a device to get him off guard so that his
alertness might be tried with some disguised test of his knowledge of
regulations. Of course that was it ... unthinkable that any officer,
any rank, should give such an order as he had given for actual
execution.

Funny, how the twists saved you when there was no longer any point in
being saved. He was trapped here--trapped, and on Venus the trap would
tighten and finally close when Tayne found some opening in his guard
and plunged through it.

"Well done, captain. As you were. Your qualifications seem quite
adequate. See to it that they are continually maintained."

"Yes, sir."

With what nonchalance he could muster, Doug dropped the sickness act as
though it had been a trick the captain might have expected, and opened
the brief-tube. He would have to memorize every word of its contents,
every direction on the plastic sheets it contained. If he wanted to
see his own home again--for that matter, if he ever wanted to see Dot
again, he would have to run a bluff that would, he mused, even amaze
the United States Bureau of Internal Revenue.

And that, he knew, would be damn near impossible.




                              CHAPTER XII


After Doug had gone, Dot tried to make herself forget why he had gone,
where he was going. She wanted the old conviction to come back; she
wanted to be smugly sure again that it was impossible for him to fly to
another planet, and that what he had said was just a great joke.

She twisted a dial on the luxurious radio console, sat for a moment
beside it and wished that she could as easily twist fact away from
belief, so that the awful fear would go. Yet blindness to fact was no
answer to fear of it.

It seemed long ago that space flight had been something for light
dinner-table conversation, something for fanciful conjecture in an idle
moment, something to discuss politely when the overimaginative person
became serious with his day-after-tomorrow talk.

But now suddenly it was none of those things. Now suddenly it was a
thing of life or death to her; it was real, and she was afraid. The
science-fiction stories she had leafed through in an idle moment--what
had their writers said? What had they, in their irrepressible way, so
logically theorized about the balance of life in the impossibly deep
reaches of Space--about the precocious ships that men would some day
build when they were at last free of their age-old fear of infinity?

The soft music from the radio had stopped, and the newscaster's voice
disturbed her reverie.

"... this afternoon, the Prelatinate announced eight new amendments
to the Constitutional Commandments, making the total for the day so
far a slightly-under-average twelve. This afternoon's amendments deal
specifically with Commandment Ninety-three, Section 189, Chapter 914,
paragraph 382, sub-division 2103-K. The first stipulates...."

She tried to find another program of music, but the daily amendment
announcements were everywhere. With a fleeting smile she remembered
what Doug had said--that at last the commercial had met its match as an
instrument for ruining radio listening. Yet logical enough, for here
the dollar was secondary, and Government was God.

She turned the console off, and again the house was quiet, and the
chill mantle of worry drew closer about her brain, grew steadily into
a stifling strait-jacket of helpless fear. Lord, there was nothing she
could _do_....

Then of a sudden her pulse was racing as the large helicopter landed at
the side of the house. She looked out the window.

But it was not Doug. The word ELECTROSUPPLY was stenciled in large
letters above the craft's opening freight-door, and she watched as a
dolly was lowered from it. There were four men, and they were unloading
a large crate. It went on the dolly, and then the dolly with its load
was being pushed by the four to the side of the house.

The door-signal sounded.

"Yes?"

"Madame Blair, would you please sign for the shipment?"

"Yes, of course. But what is it that I--"

"Sorry, Madame. Only the Order Division knows the nature of the
consignment--policy, you know. There, that'll do it. Thank you."

       *       *       *       *       *

He left with her permission to leave the crate in the cellar, and
after a few minutes the 'copter and its efficient crew was gone.

She knew intuitively that it was the equipment he needed so
desperately--ironically enough it must be that. She had to fight back
the impulse to rush to the cellar and rip the crate open. For if in
some way she should slip, do something wrong, damage what was inside....

Quite suddenly her thoughts were marshaled from their uninhibited
adventuring and became sharp hard-edged instruments. Even the tiniest
error now could mean the difference between winning and losing, and it
was still not too late to win.

A message to him through his office, but it must be contrived somehow
so that they could not suspect that she was telling him he must
return immediately. She could simply say something like "as per your
instructions, am informing you of arrival of the last item for which
you phoned. Am sure it is exactly what you wanted. Good luck, Lisa."
That should work--

But the telecall signal sounded before she could pick the slender unit
from its cradle.

"Yes?"

"Madame Blair?" It was a woman's voice.

"Why yes, speaking."

"This is Madame--Doe. We missed you at the culture lecture yesterday
afternoon my dear, and just wanted to make sure that everything
was--all right, you know."

"The lecture--oh, yes of course. Why I'm sorry--"

"But everything is--all right? You're not ill?"

"Oh, no. It just must have been one of my usual oversights," Dot
bluffed. And she knew there was something missing. In the woman's
voice. Something....

"Oversights?"

"Why, yes--I'm afraid so. Dreadfully sorry. But of course I'll try not
to forget next time."

"But Madame Blair--" and then suddenly the tone changed. "Yes, I know
how it is--we all have those days, don't we? Well, there's something
you really should know, so don't forget our next little get-together,
will you?" An enchanting little giggle was attached, but there had been
no giggle in the first three words.

"No, I won't forget," Dot said.

"'Til next time, then. Good-bye."

Dot hung up, and the room seemed suddenly to have become cold.
Intuition was one thing--she wouldn't be a woman if she didn't trust
that. But imagination was of course quite another. It had been simply
an unexpected half-minute phone-call. Short, almost too short, if she
were any judge of the ladies' society type. Nonsense....

She sat down. And the chair was cold.

_Nerves, girl, that's all. Like the night you saw the man in the
shadows outside the house and Doug wasn't home from the banquet yet,
and it turned out to be the neighborhood cop waiting for his beat
relief...._

She had to forget it, get the message to Doug. What would she say, now?
"As per your instructions--"

_But Madame Blair--!_

Damn! This was ridiculous--pure imagination--since when was a culture
society a thing to get goose-pimples over? That was all it was of
course. Just the knowledge of the crate downstairs.... God the house
was quiet.

She reached for the phone.

And again, the door-signal chimed.

She half-walked, half-ran to answer it; tripped, caught herself. It
chimed again.

Then somehow she had the door open, and there were four men in white
uniforms standing before it.

"Madame Blair, if you will please come with us."

"No, I'm sorry,--I can't. Why, what are you here for?"

"You received a telecall several minutes ago, did you not, Madame?" He
phrased it as a question, but she knew that it was a statement.

"Why, yes I did. A social call--"

"We know that it was not, Madame Blair. If you will accompany us
please." They stood there, unmoving.

"I--I don't understand. My culture society, if it is important for some
reason that you know...."

"Precisely. We've known for some time about the society, madame. We
are sorry that we have at length linked you with it. Now if you will
accompany us please."

There was no choice. She did not want to think of what might happen if
she ran.




                             CHAPTER XIII


"Inside Venus compensation limit, sir. They've taken over. Inversion
in three minutes; jet-down at NMHQ in twelve. Secondary check please,
sergeant."

Space had been monotonous. After the first thrill of watching Earth
grow smaller and smaller until it was nothing more than another planet
in the heavens, after the realization that the studded blackness to
each side was real, and not some gigantic planetarium show, the trip
had been a seemingly motionless thing, like high flight in a light
plane at less than cruising speed. They had licked the problem of
weightlessness by an artificial gravity set-up which functioned, as
far as he was able to find out from the captain, on a complex system
of gyroscopes--but not even they furnished so much as a tremor to the
deck plates, and he might as well have been planted firmly on Earth for
all the sensation there was of movement. Even when inversion began, the
gyro system automatically compensated for its inertia effects, and he
would have been unaware of it had it not been for the series of oral
checks between sergeant and captain, captain and the base on Venus.

Then suddenly, the second planet loomed large and white--it blotted out
the blackness, and then there was no more blackness, and the telescreen
seemed to be swimming in pea-soup fog.

"Six minutes, sir."

The syrupy whiteness seemed limitless and for a moment Doug felt little
pangs of panic, of fear that they must be falling into a great pit to
which there was no bottom, only the eternity of the falling itself.
Then suddenly it was above them like a diffuse, infinite ceiling,
receding quickly at first, then more slowly, more slowly....

There was a gentle pressure beneath his feet. The gyros had compensated
to their limit and had automatically cut out, and true gravity and
inertia once more were settling their grip about the sleek ship.

"Switch the screen aft, captain."

"As she blasts, sir."

Blue. Great, incredible expanses of blue in every shade of color, every
intensity of pastel, forced to the bending curve of a horizon that
seemed like some great arching bulwark against the heavy, stifling
whiteness that was the sky. For moments he was not able to distinguish
land from ocean, but then he discerned it as the midnight blue,
near-black mass that undulated slowly, in long, even swells--and it
was the vari-shaded, lighter area, smaller in size than the state of
Connecticut--that was the northern land mass. And it was toward that
which they descended. Their formation had already split and far to
starboard, he saw two long darts of silver pair off to land on the
planet's southwestern mass.

He drew the cloak about his shoulders, secured the decorative dress
sword at his waist.

Down. As silently as had been the long drift through Space, save for
the nearly inaudible rumble of the great engine as it had checked
in for deceleration. The descent was so perfectly controlled that if
there was the heavy whine of atmosphere about their hull from too-great
downward speed, he could not hear it. Down.

He drew on the gauntlets.

There was a gentle jar.

       *       *       *       *       *

Their escort formed at once midway between his ship and Tayne's. They
marched abreast, flanked by echelons of cadre officers and Quadrature
Academy cadets. They marched silently toward a great, shining building
that commanded the entire edge of the landing plaza. Its size alone
made Doug catch his breath, yet it was dwarfed by a frozen human sea
of tan-bodied pygmies, amassed before it in wave after spreading wave
of superbly formed divisions. To realize at once that they were not
formations of some stunted denizens of the planet, but children of
Earth not yet eleven years old, was almost impossible for him although
he had known, had seen the terrifying figures.... But here were the
statistics, immobile, at rigid attention, not in black and white, but
in the hue of living flesh, with red blood still coursing through them.
Here were what tomorrow would be the numbers--small still things,
cold, impersonal, and dead. Here was the stability factor of a people
which had forged a device for peace. Here was the monument to their
stupidity, the warrant for their ultimate place in infamy.

They faced the building in a long arc at the far edge of the plaza, an
arc that Doug judged over a mile in length, easily 300 yards in depth.
In it were the children of two full quadrants, his and Tayne's--perhaps
a half-million--and the number would be matched on the southwestern
mass, where Klauss and Vladkow had landed later, the survivors of their
commands would be shipped here, and there would be the last battle. It
had been planned that way for key psychological reasons.

After the first taste of battle, then the indeterminate time of
waiting.... And suddenly the waiting would cease, the sea-going troops
at last would land, and swarm from their swift ships, clanging in
droves to the attack. And the small, still dead things would mount
again. Until margin was reached. Then they would stop.

Midway the length of the arc, where it was cleft by a distance of
about a quarter-mile, the escort halted. It faced left. Doug and Tayne
followed suit. The escort fell back to each side, once again forming
the impressive flying wedge with the two Quadrates at its point. Then,
facing the fantastically pretentious edifice looming silently before
them, the great assemblage waited, the mute silence broken only by the
rustling sound of a half-million sword-sheaths as they swung gently in
the warm gentle breeze.

Gradually, then, the sound grew. A rumble like far-off thunder was
above them, and it mounted slowly to a vibrant roar. The milk-white sky
suddenly swirled as if in indecision, then was ripped asunder, and torn
tendrils of it groped to fill the gaping rent in it as a great, silver
shape plunged through, descended on a seething pillar of flame.

It landed atop the building itself. It was like a towering, silver
spire there, as though to become an integral fixture to transform the
sprawling Colossus from administrative nerve-center to the temple of
empire. Doug's own ship beside it would have been as a sloop to a
battleship. He knew that in a moment the main port of the flagship
would open, and through it would be escorted the Prelate General
himself.

A half-million pairs of ears were tuned sharply to hear the voice of
their God. And when it had thrown them into conflict here, the mighty
ship would rise and vanish as it had come, to bear its high priest to
the southwest, where the lesson would be read for the second and final
time.

       *       *       *       *       *

Doug tensed, knowing as he did from sleepless study what was to come.
Suddenly, from well-concealed amplifiers through which the Prelate
General's voice would soon sound, there were the first thunderous
strains of The Battle Hymn To Peace. Doug whirled, faced Tayne.

"Quadrants to salute!"

Tayne pivoted.

"Division leaders, give your divisions present arms!"

A hundred cadets about-faced in turn, bawled in unison "_Regimental
sachens, give your regiments present arms!_"

And the command was passed in swelling unison from regiment to
battalion, battalion to company, and the timing had been perfect. As
the surging hymn of hysteria struck its climaxing strain, a cacophony
of two thousand young voices swelled hysterically above it--"...
PRE-SENT--_ARMS_!"

There was a piercing shriek of sound as 500,000 broadswords whipped
from their scabbards, glittered like the teeth of some Hell-spawned,
pulsating monster as they flashed in salute.

And Doug sickened. For he had seen it before, and only the sound had
been different. There had been the resounding slap of taut rifle-slings
against the wood of polished stocks....

The terrible music ended on a measure of rolling drums, and the command
was relayed for order arms. There was the crash of a half-million
blades slammed home in their scabbards as one, and then the silence
fell as though some great impenetrable curtain had fallen.

The Prelatinate General, borne in a highly-polished sedan chair of
lightweight metal on the shoulders of the colorfully-uniformed members
of the Inner Prelatinate, appeared in the pocket-like balcony which was
dwarfed only by the immensity of the building itself. Visible only as a
jewel-encrusted shadow behind the transparent metal enclosure in which
he was ensconced, he began his speech. The two quadrants stood again as
statues.

"Once again, for the glory of the highest order of life and with the
blessing of the Prelatinate Saints, we unite to do battle for the
salvation of Man. May our mission be one of success."

A great rolling murmur of sound swelled from the throats of the
half-million, subsided.... The word was undistinguishable, but Doug
knew what it was. They had said "_Amen._"

"Our sacred duty to the One World, to the Universal State is before
us, and handed down to us by the will of the people as they worship in
their countless community senates, we shall discharge it without fear,
and for the love of our way of life. Sobeit.

"It behooves us all, as children of a mighty government, to believe
without contest in the inviolate concepts upon which our all-powerful
way of living and thought is built. There have been those who were
unbelievers; there have been those who would profess to debase
government and political philosophy to the level of mere intellectual
function and enterprise of policy, yet even those were heard to admit
before paying the terrible price for their heresies that, because their
beliefs were different, they must have of course been wrong.

"For those of us who aspire and pray that we may one day hold a seat
in the great Quorum of the Perfectly Governed, let there be no doubt,
let there be no threat to the mightiness of the glorious order which we
foster....

"As it is to be found in the immortal words of the Constitutional
Commandments, and I read from Four Chapter 18, Book of Sections,
_Section 932: 'There shall be great honor to those who give of their
blood that the One World shall live, and great reverence for the
glorious memories of those who give of their lives that the One World
shall not perish.'_ Sobeit."

Once again the rolling murmur of a half-million voices. "Amen...."

"It is then to you that I command, go forth, and perform the duties of
your great faith; go forth, for the dead shall inherit the living!"

And as at a signal, the air was rent with a deafening surge of voices
strained to their topmost in a savage cheer.

       *       *       *       *       *

Slowly then, it subsided, and the Prelatinate General raised his left
hand as though in half-salute, half-benediction. And again, there was
silence, and the living things that were statues had lost their shape
and form, and had become row upon row of symmetrically-hewn markers
dotting a large graveyard on Sunday afternoon in July.

"And now, let us join minds as we listen to the ancient tongue voicing
the Prelatinate's Creed which has taught us to believe...."

And the sounds were strange, their meaning neither having been taught
nor studied for the century and a half that English had been decreed
by law as the universal tongue. Doug knew that only he, of all the
half-million, understood the sounds. With difficulty at first, then
with increasing facility, he translated the Latin. The Latin which
the others heard and obeyed. And which they had never, nor ever would
understand.

"... believe in the purchase of everlasting peace with the blood of the
young; in eternal adherence to the regime of the Prelatinate because
it is the sole existing concept in which to adhere; in sacrifice of
thought upon the omnipotent altar of Belief to Government Almighty,
and in the everlasting spirit of the Founders, to whom we daily pray
for the strength to forever remain unchanged, unchangeable, despite
the temptations of knowledge, progress, and human feeling: Sobeit. I
believe in the infinite divinity of the two parties, and in the concept
of truth as they shall dictate, rather than as it may seem to exist
through exercise of mere reason; in the...."

The sing-song tones droned with heavy monotony through the hidden
speakers, as though weaving some hypnotic spell to insure the captivity
of the young myrmidons upon whose ears they fell, unintelligible, but
Law.

The sea of young heads was bowed and a million eyes were focused
unmoving on the ground, for to view the heavens and to think upon their
unbounded freedom, with which they sought to lure the mind away from
the patterns which had been decreed for it, would be tantamount to
heresy.

And then suddenly the drone had ceased. There was movement in the
balcony. Two of the Inner Prelatinate, cloaks swaying heavily with the
weight of the precious metals with which they were gaudily embroidered,
took posts as though sentinels at each side of the Prelate General's
shoulder-borne sedan. The naked broadswords in their hands swung upward
slowly until their lips touched directly above it. And the Latin came
again, in low, swift cadences.

"... _You who are about to die, go forth_ ..."

And as the words were intoned, the broadswords were brought level, were
swung slowly, in wide, horizontal half-arcs above the high-held heads
of the regimented multitude.

"_God_ ..." Doug thought, "_God! A blessing!_"

Then the ceremony was over, and the strains of the hymn again burst
forth, and Doug caught himself almost too late. He whirled.

"Troops pass in review!"

Tayne returned the salute, relayed the order until within seconds it
was a surging, shrieking thing, the more frightening for its perfect
unison. _Hysteria_, Doug thought, _by the numbers!_

He knew the plan. The ranks that formed the long arc of formations
would face right, and then, at simultaneous commands, would step off
to the beat of the terrible hymn, preserving the curvature of the arc
so that the actual line of march would be a perfect circle nearly a
mile and a half at its inner diameter, with the great building as its
precise center. And the ranks would be kept in perfect dress as they
fanned out in 300 yard-lengths, and the cover of each endless column
would be of such precision that at a command, the inner columns of each
quadrate would march to the rear, and the spectacle would be one of
four immense, counter-marching arcs. As they met at the opposite pole
of the great diameter, the perfection of their circle would be proven.

He took his station near the edge of the inner circumference. Tayne
took his, nearly a half-mile to Doug's rear. The cadre officers and
Quadrature Academy cadets took posts of command at equally spaced
intervals for the entire length of the arc, marching to them along
invisible radii as the thousands of young section and squad leaders
shrilled their commands.

       *       *       *       *       *

Doug drew his sword then, held it high over his head, then swept it
in flashing salute to the ground. And together, he and Tayne gave the
first order.

"Troops march forward!"

The cadremen and cadets repeated it.

"_For-ward_--"

And like an echo bounding its way into infinity, the word magnified
into an undistinguishable roar.

"_MARCH!_"

The throbbing hymn was again at its climax, and the volume of sound was
so great about him that the tiny shrill note which his ear had singled
out for the briefest instant could only have been in his subconscious.
Yet for a split-second, it had been by itself, for it had been out of
timing with the rest. And it had been near him.

He would listen again, when the counter-march command was given.
Impossible, of course. Unthinkable, unthinkable....

It seemed suddenly that the two-hour long march about the 5-mile mean
circumference would take two days. The display was ridiculous and
time-consuming, but he was thankful for it even as he cursed it. For he
must hear the sound again. Yet if he heard it, then the spectacle must
never end.

Slowly, slowly, at a measured, tireless step the Prelate General's
Review marched in indefatigable tribute.

And at length, at the half-way mark, Doug raised his sword for the
command, whipped it downward.

"Inner columns march to the rear!"

The relay began.

"Inner columns as assigned, to the rear--"

And the last words were magnified to the proportion of thunder, but his
ears heard it only as a faraway thing. And again he heard the near-by
command, again a split-second off.

"_MARCH!_"

This time it was unmistakable. A recently designed section or
squad-leader, of course, who had not yet mastered the timing of
commands to perfection. Nearby. He looked desperately into the files
of marching boys at his side, now muddled as the centermost columns
marched to the rear. The command would not have been relayed to the
outside columns, since they were continuing their march forward. Then
he must quickly search the reverse column as it shuttled its obscured
way to the rear.

But of course not! He would not recognize a face, even as--as his
had gone unrecognized! But the voice he had heard it three times,
three split-seconds! And somehow it was, it was Terry's voice! In
there somewhere--Terry, Terry and Mike! Swords and maces swinging
rhythmically at their sides....




                              CHAPTER XIV


Carl Grayson lit a cigarette. Senior Quadrate Blair watched him
closely as he went over the last of his notes. The man was obviously
disturbed, but only about the interview itself. There had not been an
instant's suspicion; Blair was certain of it. The greatest danger was
over. It had been a danger ever-present with first meetings but with
each, it had become progressively easier with which to cope, yet with
the man Grayson, there had been unexpected pitfalls. These strange
people indulged in a peculiar relationship called friendship, he had
discovered--in essence it was a psychological thing, a thing from
which to derive a satisfying personal pleasure. In actuality, it had
become a rather distorted relationship, forged as it had been into a
many-ratcheted tool. Between the Congressman and Grayson, however,
the relationship was genuine and--the subtle thing which he had
missed until it had been almost too late--of a partial nature. The
thing called friendship was a thing of varying degree. And Grayson was
a "best" friend. He had almost missed that. It was so different to
stabilize things here....

"Doug, I want to get this straight for sure, and then I think I'll have
the works. What do you mean by 'new sources of military manpower yet
waiting to be tapped'? You mean simply the next UMT draft in July don't
you--all the new 17-year-olds?"

"For broadcast--immediate broadcast, Carl, I shall explain the
phrase by simply saying, uh--a new program of draft-age analysis and
evaluation is soon expected to be under study by the Blair Defense
Preparedness Committee...."

"Yes, but--Doug that's just a mess of words. It doesn't tell beans
about.... Oh. I get it--OK." He pushed the hat further back on his
head, made a marginal clarification. It was comfortable in the small
office, but there was perspiration on Grayson's wide forehead.

"You don't sound too satisfied, Carl."

"Who, me? Hell, I'm satisfied. I keep getting the exclusives, so I
can't holler. I just thought somehow you'd never get around to using
that method, that's all, Doug. If you want to tell 'em, you can--and I
guess you always have. But I supposes if you don't want to, but want
'em to think you have, it's as legitimate as ever to just confuse
'em. Get me. Philosopher." He completed the marginal note. "Now let's
see.... OK, OK, OK."

"Carl, how busy are you this afternoon?"

"Not, especially. Got to get this ready for my seven o'clock stint
tonight and knock out the rest of next Monday's column, and then
there's some of the routine junk but that can wait. Why?"

"I think I need your personal reaction to--well, to be frank about it,
to a new angle the committee's got in its sights on this UMT business.
I want to know what you think the radio--and the press, of course--will
do with it."

"I guess I better put the pencil away?"

"Afraid so. But you'll get it first when the time comes. And perhaps
you can help me decide when that should be, too."

"Shoot. All ears and no memory." He folded the uneven sheets of
newsprint, crammed them in an inner pocket.

"The story I've just given you, Carl, is a lot more important than
it looks. At first glance it's just Sunday feature stuff--that's the
way you'll play it in your column, and you'll probably just give it
a tag-end spot on your program. And that's the way I want it played.
But--it is important. I think you could call it a sort of--of a
corner-stone story."

"Thinking of a series, you mean? Hell, Doug, you've got the next elec--"

"Not as a series, that's the point. Not so direct. More like a good
propag--public relations campaign I mean. The development will be
gradual, and not too regular--that part of it I'm going to leave up to
you to some extent, I think--until it automatically becomes the top
news."

"Don't get it, Doug. I've told you before what's page one and what
isn't. This thing you've just given me hasn't any big names in it,
anything about money, taxes, or things to make anybody good and sick
at heart. This is just--well, just opinion. Thoughtful analysis. The
thoughtful stuff never makes the front pages, you know that."

       *       *       *       *       *

The Quadrate smiled. "Precisely. I feel it should be pretty casually
introduced. But don't worry--I won't ruin its news value. I think
you'll agree with me when I'm ready for the top spot on your broadcast
and for the front pages, I'll have something that will--how do you
put it?--make people suddenly sick. Point is, I want them to be
unconsciously thinking along the right lines first, so that when they
get through being sick and stop to think about it, it will make sense."

He was careful. It was difficult to maintain the curious bantering
way of speech these people continually employed. An end-product, of
course, of their emotional degeneration, and therefore as difficult to
perfectly imitate as a provincial misuse of the language. But it was
not as difficult as at first....

"Sure Doug--what you're talking about is done all the time, every day
of the week. That part's easy enough--too damn easy. But--you keep
saying 'it.' 'It' will make sense. What are you gunning at?"

"Suppose I give you an example. The final development of that statement
you weren't clear on. 'New sources of military manpower yet waiting to
be tapped.' What it will mean, when the time comes, is the UMT drafting
of children ten years old. Thirteen at first."

"_The what?_" The man Grayson looked almost ludicrous. His mouth hung
foolishly open, and there was no sound coming from it.

"I'm afraid you not only heard correctly, Carl, but that I had better
tell you that if you're thinking of sending for the booby-wagon for
me, you'll have to send for about thirty others for the rest of the
committee. Next week, the Blair Defense Preparedness Committee will
introduce a bill for unlimited lowering of the draft age, for either
war or peacetime use. Within a month after its passage--and I can
guarantee you that it will be passed--the committee will give you what
you'll need for your first big story on it. It will urge, and then it
will demand that all male youths from the present draft age of 17 down
to the age of thirteen be immediately registered for selective service."

"Good Lord, Doug--"

"The committee is strong, Carl. It is strong because I knew how to pick
it. I did not pick it, I assure you, on the basis of intelligence or
learning or capability. I picked it in terms of personal political and
financial influence, and in terms of my capability in persuading its
members to my way of thinking. That was not too difficult--they're all
band-wagon men.

"But to the point. On the heels of the new Blair Law's invocation, the
committee will again make a demand--registration of all youngsters
down to and including the age of ten years."

"Doug for God's sake--"

"Sit down, Carl!"

"Sure...."

"I'm quite sane. Worried?"

"Hell yes I'm worried."

"Take it easy. They thought a man called Litvinov was deranged
once--around 1913 I think it was, when he predicted World War One, and
the fall of the House of Czars."

       *       *       *       *       *

"But you can't be serious about this--this kid business. Why my God
if I think you've been--overworking, let's say, what d'you think the
reaction of the man in the street'll be?"

"That, Carl, hasn't mattered for quite some time. You know it, and I
know it. He's already swallowed UMT itself, don't forget."

"But--hell, the Blair Committee isn't the only bunch of politicians
around here. And they--"

"I told you, Carl, my committee is strong. I picked it that way. Others
can yell all they want. But no amount of yelling--even by the most
widely-heard commentators and widely-published columnists--has ever
really accomplished much when a particularly strong political faction
has decided how things are going to be. It's the things that make you
sick that have always made the front pages, remember?"

"I--you're crazy, Doug. Crazy as a 1951 tax program. You've gotten
bitter about things in the past, sometimes a little cynical. Hell, who
doesn't. But you've always been the one man the people knew they could
count on--and your fellow-workers, I can even add. If you try to come
out with a thing like this--"

"A moment. Just a minute, Carl. I want to ask an easy one. It is really
easy. How long before the next world war breaks out?"

"Easy, what d'you mean, easy? Tomorrow, next month, next year maybe.
Maybe not until 1960. Nobody knows that--"

"I still say, easy. There's certainty it will be at least by 1960,
and probably sooner. That's terrifyingly close enough, isn't it, when
you're speaking in terms of the inevitable?"

"I see."

"The world is a pretty desperate place right now, wouldn't you say?
Worse even than five or six years ago."

"Desperate, desperate--yes of course it's desperate. And you--you're
going to make something of it, is that it? Doug, you're not being very
original. I never thought--I never honestly thought the day would come
when I'd hear you--"

"Give me a chance, Carl."

"If I do I don't think I'll ever broadcast another word of what you
have to say."

"I'll take that chance. But first I'd better clear some things up.
First of all, I'll tell you how much I've explained to the committee.
I've pointed out to them that there is but one way open--and one way
only--of offsetting the Soviets' superiority in arms production, and
that's to shock the living daylights out of them. Shock them so that
they'll be convinced we're--we're a nation gone mad, perhaps. As you
think I've gone mad, this moment. But--what stomach would any foreign
enemy have for fighting a madman, armed to the teeth with atomic
weapons? They say a lunatic with a gun is a great deal more deadly than
a sane man similarly armed.

"So--we shall shock them, Carl. We shall, perhaps before the year
is out, not only double our own production regardless of cost, but
register every kid in the country down to the ten-year age level. And
have a gun ready for each one, too. As I explained to the committee,
it won't be even their tremendous numbers that will be frightening.
It will be the seemingly crazed desperation of the country that would
consider calling them to arms that would throw the scare. And then, of
course, we'll take advantage of the scare. We'll produce A-weapons as
we never have before. Hell, every parent in the nation will be breaking
his back at a defense plant--not just for the ridiculously high wages
that a riveter gets, but to insure the safety of their kids' skins."

"Doug, you're either really nuts or--or--"

"So much the committee knows, as of now. And, I've sold it to them.
I sold it to them by simply asking them which was less desirable, my
plan, or the end of civilization in a few short years. And, by asking
them what other solution they had."

"Any straw--any straw at all." The reporter was not speaking to be
heard, but Blair heard him.

"You've hit it precisely, Carl. It's come finally to that. Any straw at
all."

       *       *       *       *       *

For a few moments there was silence in the small office, and Carl
Grayson just sat, staring at the floor. At length he put a fresh
cigarette between his lips, lit it, and smoked automatically. It was
half consumed before Doug said, "Now, I want to discuss the rest of the
plan with you. The part I've not broached to the committee as yet."

"The--rest? Doug, what are you talking about?"

"The rest of it. You see, sooner or later the initial shock is going to
wear off, Carl. Then, perhaps if we're lucky, we'll be evenly matched
in armament and personnel under arms, but that will be all. A balance
of peace is no good. You convince no one that peace is desired. You
simply convince them that for awhile, there's no way they dare break
it. But again, sooner or later, the dare is taken and then--"

"I want to go, Doug."

"Not yet. I want you to hear me out. And, I'm going to ask a rather
special favor, Carl. Judge the plans on the merits of its logic alone.
For the moment, imagine you have no emotion."

"I can, but it won't do any good. Afraid I have emotion, Douglas."

"I see. Tell me, if it is so valuable a thing as to be allowed to cloud
your reasoning, why would you instantly throw it away if something
called patriotic duty were suddenly thrust upon you?"

"It would shake me up a little of course--"

"Yes, but you'd chuck it. You'd perform the duty."

"All right. I don't know the tricks of debate, you do. Go ahead, I'm
listening."

"I'll begin this way. If, we'll say, an infantry captain realized that
by sacrificing the lives of three of his men and possibly his own, he
could save the lives of his entire company, what would he do, if he
were what is termed a 'good' officer?"

"Why, if that were his only alternative--"

"I assure you, it would be, for the purposes of my analogy."

"He'd--he'd save the company. That's happened."

"Even to men with emotions."

"Why--yes of course. Damn you Doug--"

"Even when one of the three to be sacrificed might be a kid who was
still in high school when he enlisted--"

"Yes. Yes I guess so."

"Now remember what you've just told me, and switch to this.... What,
actually, is the basis for armed conflict between nations? Generally
speaking, with the long view of history?"

"I--I suppose covetousness. Materially translated that would mean
just plain wanting the grain fields, the ore mines, the sea ports,
the wealth someone else has and that you no longer have, doesn't it?
Land, then. Hitler called it _Lebensraum_. One outfit thinks another is
stepping on its toes over this chunk of real estate or that. Etcetera,
ad nauseum, ad politics."

"Good. And what's the real root of this material covetousness do you
think?"

"Grass is always greener, I guess."

"That is motive enough for the small-scale wars, yes. But I'm speaking
of the kind nations fight in desperation, not merely for the sake of
warring."

"Then, well--they run out of what they've got. Want more. Is that the
answer you want?"

"Almost. What makes them run out, Carl?"

"Not enough stuff to take care of their population, not enough work to
supply the money to buy what little there is to buy. Too many people,
not enough resources to keep 'em happy."

"Now, essentially, you have it. Now, if you'll remember those
two things--the captain's sacrifice and Mr. Hitler's fight for
_Lebensraum_--we'll switch again. If I owed you a dollar, Carl, and
gave you a bill, you'd accept it. What would it be worth?"

"Why, about--let's see--"

"No, I mean in terms of the metal backing it."

"Well--actually, it could be worthless. But as long as I don't think it
is--"

       *       *       *       *       *

"Correct. As long as you, and everybody else of course, has faith in
it, it is of value, and is working currency. Now one more thing.
Did you ever have anything really bad happen to you when you were a
youngster--say about ten years old, Carl?"

"I don't get this, Doug. You're way over me--"

"No, answer me. Think of something unpleasant that happened--"

"Don't have to think. I still get goose-pimples when I hear a near-by
train whistle. Almost got killed once when my father's car got stalled
on a railroad crossing. Sort of a--I guess they call it conditioning.
Pretty strong with me, I guess."

"Yes. Now--we'll put the four things together, Carl. First of all,
according to my plan, the world must somehow be given implicit faith in
a method for the elimination of warfare. A method in which they will so
strongly believe that, although the supposed reason for such belief may
be scientifically quite fallacious, they will practice it nonetheless.
To do this, they must be shown a method which, by one means or another,
actually works. And, that is possible. There is such a method, based on
the sacrifice of the few for the ultimate preservation of the many...."

"Go on. So far you've brought in the dollar-bill idea; the business
about conditioning, the captain and his company.... What method?"

"Taking the drafted ten-year-olds--first of just this nation, then of
the entire world--placing them once each year in four divisions in the
Sahara desert, and setting them at one another with manual weapons."

Carl turned white. He sat, unmoving, silent.

"The accepted theory will be that the horror of death by arms will
create so deep a mental scar on the young plastic minds that in
adulthood they will never again be able to kill. In actuality, the
theory is in many respects fallacious, granted. But it will be
accepted, because the practice--the desert fighting--will reduce the
basic cause of warfare to flat zero, and there will eventually be
no war. How? Through such a plan, many male children of course will
die yearly. The number killed will be subject to strict control of
course, in exact proportion to annual world birth-rate, and potential
multiplication. Such, Carl, that the population of the world will,
in terms of future generations as well as those almost immediate, be
always stabilized. Of course, since a period of from twenty to fifty
years may be needed for practice of the method before the first
tangible stabilization results are shown, the 'conditioning' angle
must be heavily stressed, before as well as during the actual desert
fighting. Backing by the press will greatly help toward this end--you
yourself know how terribly potent it can be--and I'm certain, once the
method is explained to them in terms of survival, we will also be able
to count on the 'corroboration' of the world's most popular scientists.

"However, as absolutely necessary insurance, an influence infinitely
more powerful than those combined will be employed to positively insure
unquestioning belief in the validity of the plan, not only before and
during the first few years, but for all time!

"I have, therefore, already taken steps to bring it into play. I have
already issued invitations to one hundred of the world's highest
ranking ecclesiastical leaders for a conference here next week. By
then, the committee should be rolling with quite a bit of momentum. As
we said, these are desperate times...."

       *       *       *       *       *

Carl remained silent. His question was in his eyes, but he would not
give it speech. But Blair saw it.

"The clergy? Their assistance will be essential. I just told you
why, didn't I? You see, once they realize that they can materially
contribute to lasting peace, I am sure they will cooperate. If
necessary, they--all of them--would consent to a merger of church and
state. History bears me out."

"The mer--"

"Naturally. How else can I make _sure_ the people are made to believe
implicitly in the plan until they can at least see its tangible
results? And how better to maintain that belief? Government and
politics and all they imply are already worshipped more than God, Carl!
So let's put it on a paying basis!"

"And you think--you actually think you'll get the support of the
world's clergy in this revolting scheme--"

"I told you that history bears me out, Carl. For instance--from the
fourth to the fourteenth centuries, one of the world's most powerful
sects was heavily involved in temporal government--because, it said,
of necessity to preserve itself. And surely you must remember the
cooperation of the church with Constantine and Charlemagne when their
empires were in danger of disintegrating, when unity was so sorely
needed, and they knew there was but one that could help them? Often the
church--the sect to which I referred before--actually took over the
powers of government during Charlemagne's rule--not, perhaps, because
it wanted involvement in those things which were Caesar's--but because
it realized the grave perils which would face it if whole empires were
to break apart, and their peoples reduced to pagan savagery as a result.

"I think you see my point. And--I imagine the simile about the captain
and his platoon will also be appealing, don't you? The idea of
sacrifice that others might live...?"

"You--you son of a bitch!"

"I'm sorry you said that, Carl. Because the plan will work, you know.
From telling it to you, I see that its shock-value is valid. From
seeing your final reaction, I realize that you are inwardly as sure
as I that it will succeed. It is actually all I wanted, to get your
immediate reaction."

"Doug, I'm going. But there's just one thing I want to ask you before I
smear you from here to damnation. Just what, Congressman, is _your_ cut
in this?"

"None. I have not once mentioned money."

"You're a madman, Blair."

"When you've convinced yourself of that, Carl, you may try to smear me
if you wish. But first--_first, convince yourself!_"




                              CHAPTER XV


As Doug marched, he thought.

There was less than an hour yet of marching to complete the great
circle, to devise a plan.

Two boys in five hundred thousand. An impersonation now demanding so
complex a knowledge of the situation of which it was the center that to
carry it to successful conclusion would be impossible. Even a moment's
belief otherwise was rank stupidity. Escape? Yes, by himself somehow,
perhaps he could escape in one of the two sleek ships even now being
serviced on the plaza; that had been the basis for his original plan.
But the plan was junk now. Junk, unless he could find Terry and Mike
first. Two boys, in a half-million!

Aircraft were being rolled out on the plaza. The immense aircraft
in which he and Tayne would fly as they directed the maneuvers of
their quadrants, and the aircraft of the tabulation and evacuation
specialists. They were huge, and there were fully a hundred of them.
But for all their size and number, they offered no hope. It was like
being in a nightmare wherein one had to run for life, but the ground
beneath was a sucking, miring bog.

His reason hinted temptingly that the voice he had heard might well
not have been that of his son. How many voices were there in all
creation that were precise echoes of each other? Thousands? Millions,
even. But among them, there was of course the _one_. And he must know.
He had to know.

The Contraption. Again, what had it done? It had transmitted himself
and Dot into their physical counterparts on a parallel time-track. If
the blue glow of the contraption had touched Terry and Mike, then they
too would have been transmitted. But because they had not appeared in
the cellar when the transmission was complete, he and Dot had assumed
that they had been just outside the Contraption's limited range.

That was it, of course--the cellar. That was what had thrown them off,
confused their logic. Through some quirk of coincidence, the other
Blair, Senior Quadrate Blair and his wife had been in their cellar at
the time of the switch. Had they been anywhere else--anywhere else
at all, even just upstairs, the mistake in logic would not have been
made. And if Madame Blair had no sons, Terry and Mike would not have
been transmitted at all. But Quadrate and Madame Blair had had sons.
Two, ten years old. He remembered when Tayne had told him of their
transfer from his quadrant to Tayne's own.... Ordered by Gundar Tayne,
Director. He remembered. He remembered how thankful he had been that
they had not been his. But now--now, fantastically, they were. Because
when the switch happened, Ronal and Kurt Blair had not been in the
cellar. They had been on Venus.

But it was too much, the coincidences--the marriage of two
counterparts; their children, same sex, same age.

And then he remembered what he had told Grayson so terribly long ago.
_There's a million possible results when you go fooling around with the
structure of the universe, Carl_ ...

       *       *       *       *       *

Thousands of voices in the universe that were exact echoes of each
other. But Terry and Mike were here, and there was no doubting that.
And in Tayne's quadrate, the one beside which he was even now marching.
Oh, he was doing well with his thinking! He had narrowed the field down
to a trifling two hundred fifty thousand!

And he knew that by any direct means that would not arouse Tayne's
too-willing suspicion, it was as far down as he would narrow it.

Indirect, then.... Somehow, through Tayne himself, perhaps. Tayne had
his boys. Tayne's brother had seen to that, with of course no reason
given. Pressure--simple pressure. Doug wondered if the pressure was
supposed to break him. He wondered what Tayne's reaction would be--and
his brother's--if it did not. Easy enough to guess. If his sons' deaths
at Tayne's careful arrangement were not enough to break him, shatter
him, make him throw down his office, then the corpses of Kurt and
Ronal--Terry and Mike--would somehow end up on the battle area occupied
by his quadrant, far enough behind the front lines of fighting to
convince any martial court that he had violated the Director's order,
had obviously at the last moment brought his sons back within his own
quadrant, where they might be in some measure protected.

That was how it would be. If the pressure was not enough, then a simple
frame. A simple matter of good timing. Yet if the timing should, by
some miracle, go wrong....

_If the timing went wrong! God there it was!_

Suddenly, the blood was pounding through his body, throbbing in the
large veins at his throat. Five minutes more and this thing would end.
Three hundred seconds, four hundred strides. Then the final salute as
the Prelate General left as he had come. And then thirty minutes for
deployment, and the games on the northern mass would begin.

But before those thirty minutes started.... It must be done just as the
Prelate General's ship disappeared into the white syrup of the sky. It
must be done just before the order to break ranks to prepare for combat
deployment.

And then of course it would be a gamble at best. But it was a chance,
where before there had been no chance at all.

       *       *       *       *       *

Five hundred thousand swords flashed in final salute as the Prelate
General's glittering ship leapt skyward, trailing a satisfactorily
impressive wake of flame and thunder as it ascended into invisibility.
And the sprawling headquarters building was at once denuded of its
steeple. The Director had taken his place in the balcony. Divinity had
withdrawn, entrusting its mission at length to the obedient officer of
its lay hosts.

The swords were sheathed. And in a moment, the Director of the games
would signal dismissal.

_Now!_

Suddenly, Doug was striding from his post at the point of the flying
wedge, the thin flanks of which still joined the two quadrants,
heading unerringly for a point directly before the balcony itself. And
as suddenly he stopped, stiffly raised his open palm in salute. His
cloak fluttered in the warm breeze.

"Your Very Grand Excellence! Senior Quadrate Blair wishes to report
a suspected breach of command!" And he held his breath, but not
intentionally, for suddenly breath would not come.

His salute was returned. And the field behind him was again still as
though carven from stone.

"Report, Quadrate!"

He mustered all the wavering strength in his body, for each word must
be crisp, clear, strong and flowing with confidence.

"Your Very Grand Excellence, it has come to this officer's attention
that there exists the possibility of failure to execute a quadrant
reassignment as prescribed in your command of June 3, in which Ronal
Blair and Kurt Blair, identification numbers 28532 and 28533, were
ordered transferred from the quadrant which I command to that of
Quadrate Tayne. In order that such a failure be rectified at once if,
in actuality, it has transpired, I request permission to order an
immediate inspection of the units concerned!"

His muscles were rigid and his throat felt like so much wadded
sandpaper. Everything hinged on what happened now. Everything.

"In the interests of military efficiency and discipline, your
unprecedented request must be granted, Quadrate Blair. I will expect,
however, a full report in writing concerning the basis of your
suspicion of such failure at your earliest convenience. Order the
inspection; you may have ten minutes!"

"At once, sir!"

He saluted, about-faced, and strode, the single animate figure in a
great open amphitheater of statues, toward the Post Tayne held behind
his own. And as he walked the foreboding silence was suddenly shattered
by the roar of starting aircraft engines. The tabulation and evacuation
planes, readying for warm-up flights, last-minute terrain checks. There
was so little time. And the Director's flat, superbly confident tone
had been enough to tell him that only a naive fool could hope to win.
In it there had been no trace of surprise, no trace of suspicion, no
trace of hesitation. It could mean that he was already beaten. Or,
there was the thread-slim chance that it meant the Director had seen no
threat in the request to the subtle plan against him. For, regardless
of the inspection's outcome, the sons of Quadrate Blair would end up
where they belonged, under Quadrate Tayne. And so the plan would thence
go forward.

But for the record, the Director had demanded a report!

A report, Doug knew, which one way or the other, he would never write.

Somewhere behind him a flight of tab planes thundered into the air.

And then suddenly, he was facing Tayne, and it was time to play out the
gamble to the end.

"Quadrate Tayne, in order to satisfy the Director and myself that the
transfer of my sons to your quadrant has been effected as ordered
by the Director's command dated June 3, you will order forward for
inspection the unit within your quadrant to which they were assigned."

"Yes, sir."

Tayne pivoted.

"Divisions Six and Eighteen, forward--march!" Again, the familiar relay
of command. Then the two great masses surged forward, one behind the
other, leaving the two behind them still in formation. "Six by the
left flank, march!" Six had cleared the quadrant formation, moved off
as commanded to the left. "Eighteen by the right flank, march!" And
Eighteen did the same. "Divisions, halt! Six, right, face! Eighteen,
left, face!" And as quickly as Tayne's commands were relayed, the way
was methodically cleared for the rear rank division he called next.
There were perhaps seven minutes left.... "Division Thirty forward,
march!"

       *       *       *       *       *

And it came forward, and Doug realized at once that in this formation,
this Division Thirty, were his sons, if they were anywhere among the
five hundred thousand at all.

"Division, halt!" A second flight of evac ships roared over them, and
Tayne waited. Six minutes.... "'A' Company, First Battalion, Second
Regiment, forward--" This time, the unit Tayne wanted was in the very
front, and at once, two hundred boys were separated from a division of
over five thousand, as the division itself had been picked from among
forty-eight others in a quadrant of a quarter-million.

And then--

"Squad leaders Kurt and Ronal Blair, _front center_!" And from the
squads of a rear platoon, two bare-torsoed, helmeted youngsters rushed
forward on the double!

They halted three paces from Tayne, saluted. And to Doug, their young
faces were completely unrecognizable.

Curiously pinched, worried young faces, drawn taut with the tension of
bewilderment and sudden fear.

Tayne pivoted, faced Doug.

"Sir, Kurt and Ronal Blair, as assigned by command! At your orders,
sir!"

Doug returned the salute, said nothing. He walked with a careful
nonchalance to where the two boys, swords and maces still swinging at
their sides, stood at attention. Their arms rose in salute. There was
no sign of recognition in their eyes.

He dared linger near them but a moment, the fleeting moment it would
take for him to identify his own sons beyond doubt. And again, it would
be a matter of timing. For until the right moment, Tayne could hear
every word.

"How long have you boys been in your present unit?"

"Since--since June the third I think, sir." Terry's voice. And it was
Terry's way of saying words. It was Terry, and it was Mike beside him.

But he remained silent. He waited, and he prayed.

The silence drew into seconds, and it was deadly.

And then suddenly a third flight of evac ships thundered their paen of
power as they fought for altitude above him!

And with the prayer still at his lips lest his words be either too loud
or drowned altogether, Doug shouted almost in their faces: "_Terry,
Mike! It's Dad! The Contraption's done all of this! Watch for me--I'll
pick you up off the field!_"

Their eyes were suddenly wide but the roar was already subsiding. He
had managed about twenty quick words. He turned to Tayne. And Tayne's
sword was not drawn. On his face was the masked look of hatred, but not
the unveiled one of sudden comprehension. He had not heard....

"My sons, without doubt, Quadrate. You may order them to fall in, and
reform your ranks. You shall receive my apology of record as soon as
practicable."

He saluted stiffly and took his post at the apex of the wedge.

Tayne bellowed his commands for the reformation of his quadrant between
the fourth and fifth ascending flights of tab and evac planes. And
then, once again, there was the fantastic tableau of helmeted statues.

And through the speakers came the Director's command to deploy for
combat.

       *       *       *       *       *

As their quadrants were marched off to take the field under the
ground command of the Junior Quadrates of the headquarters cadre,
Doug and Tayne were escorted by an honor guard of cadets to the
hangar-sections of the headquarters building where their command planes
waited in the dank heat, engines idling. Huge aircraft, powerful, but
not built for speed. Propeller-driven instead of jet, and the reason
was obvious enough--the great, broad-winged craft had been designed
for observation, not pursuit. Although there was no sign of a rotor
assembly on either ship, Doug knew that for all their size, they were
capable, in the thick atmosphere of Venus, of hovering at very little
more than the speed of a slow human run. Everything, planned to the
last detail. Everything, irrevocably woven into the unchangeable fabric
of destiny itself.

The last half of what little plan he had remained only partially within
the pattern, and after that, it would simply be a race between fugitive
and pursuer--a fully-committed race between hunter and hunted. Nothing
more, he knew, than a desperate attempt at escape where there could be
no escape. But at least there would be the brief, red-hot satisfaction
of trying--there was always that, when there was nothing else....

It would be simple. As Senior Quadrate, his was the duty of
over-seeing the campaign not only of his own quadrant, but that of
Tayne, Vladkow, Klauss. His was the prerogative of flying his ship
over or landing it among any of the troops, wherever they fought. He
could land in any quadrant--in Tayne's quadrant. The detailed campaign
maps, kept in constant conformation with each phase of the battle as
it progressed by picked tabulation personnel, would show him where to
land. Wherever he found A Company, First Battalion, Second Regiment,
Division Thirty.... And if the boys had understood, they would be
watching, waiting. And after that, back to the plaza, the ship,
with the prayer that its return trajectory was already plotted, its
autorobot already reset for the return journey to Earth.

That was where he must break the pattern. That was when the hopeless,
foolish race would begin.

And inwardly, Doug smiled an ironic, tight little smile. So funny,
so tragically funny. A down-to-Earth, practical man like Congressman
Douglas Blair, running for his life from a fantasy that could not
possibly exist! As the people of Hiroshima had run on the day of the
atomic bomb....

Their cloaks started to whip in the slipstreams of the waiting
aircraft. Another ten strides and he would have been aboard the plane.

But before he had taken five of them, the speeding surface-vehicle
had drawn up beside them and stopped scant feet short of the plane's
opening port. Cadremen leapt from it, swords drawn. And behind them
came the Director himself.

The formation halted as though it had suddenly struck an invisible wall.

As he walked between his flanks of guards, the hulking Gundar Tayne
drew his own sword. And Doug knew what the gesture meant.

"Senior Quadrate Blair, as lawful husband of Madame Lisa Blair, who
was taken into custody by the S-Council of Earth at 1300 hours Earth
Standard Time today, I hereby place you under official arrest. Guards!
Disarm this man."




                              CHAPTER XVI


Doug stood motionless as his dress sword was whipped from its scabbard,
snapped across the bent knee of one of the Director's guards, and cast
at his feet. A second denuded him of the wide belt and narrow scabbard
which had held it.

"Sir, unless you are able to cite well-founded charges for this
outrageous action, I can assure you it will be reported to the Prelate
General at once!" Doug bit the words out knowing that as a defensive
threat they were hopelessly impotent, but he had to know what they had
done to Dot. He had to know that even if they were to kill him within
the next second. He sensed Tayne's presence behind him, could all but
feel his sword-point at his back. The cadets, a moment before formed as
a guard of honor, were suddenly in a bristling ring about him as though
from some melodrama from the pages of Roman history. Their faces were
impassive, their feet wide-spread, their swords hip-high, and pointed
unwaveringly at him.

And the sneer in the Director's voice was only carelessly concealed.

"This is hardly the time for jests, Quadrate. I hardly think I need
quote the Commandment sub-section setting forth the law concerning
the status of husband and wife when either is found guilty of heresy.
Your rank permits you to deny your wife's collusion if you wish,
but--unfortunately, Madame Blair has been unquestionably linked with
one of the pitiful but vicious little underground groups of men and
women whose constant and sole aim is not only to abolish the war games,
but to accomplish the eventual destruction of our sacred government.
She--as well as yourself, I might add--has been under painstaking
scrutiny for almost a year. I am informed that a carefully guarded
but all too unwise series of tele-calls to your home has at last
established the necessary link. Ever hear of the Saint Napoleon Culture
Society, Quadrate? No? No, of course you haven't! Quadrate Tayne!"

"Yes, your Very Grand Excellence!"

"I'm putting this man in your custody for the trip to Earth. Your
orders are to deliver him in person to the S-Council--you'll take-off
immediately. The games will be under my personal supervision until you
return. Any questions?"

"I am to deliver this man in person to the S-Council. No questions,
sir."

"Carry on, then." He returned Tayne's salute with a perfunctory dip of
his sword-point, then sheathed the weapon and followed Doug into the
waiting vehicle.

       *       *       *       *       *

Take-off black-out was but momentary and wore off quickly. Escaping
Venus' lesser gravity was noticeably easier, and the fog-shrouded
planet still filled the viewscreen when Doug got to his feet. He
was half surprised to discover that there were no steel cuffs at his
wrists, and that he had not been bound other than by the safety belts
to the acceleration hammock. But it was logical enough. A robot-guided
ship in Space was quite efficiently escape-proof. It had been an
effective trap before, and now it was an equally effective prison. And
Tayne, who had already opened trajectory compensation communications
with Venus headquarters, was the one who had the sword.

Tayne's back was to him. A sudden leap--

No. With Tayne unconscious or dead, it would make little difference.
His presence aboard the ship was apparently only for the satisfaction
of protocol. Placed aboard it alone, Doug reasoned, he would have been
as well secured a prisoner as had he been accompanied by a guard of one
hundred men. It was not Tayne, but the autorobot guiding the ship that
was his jailer. Yet, Tayne had not removed his sword....

Doug watched the white mass of Venus as it receded with torturing
slowness in the screen, let it half-hypnotize him. There was something
stirring uneasily somewhere far back in his brain--something,
something--but it did not matter. Nothing at all mattered now. The
race--the great, hopeless race he had planned for freedom had never
even begun!

They had denied him even that satisfaction. Yes, he could attack Tayne,
and Tayne would kill him. But that would not be a fight. It would be
simply the choice of suicide, at the hands of the man who would derive
the most satisfaction from being its prime instrument. The man who
already signed the death warrants for Mike and Terry....

And Dot. Dot, after some awful agony would see him again perhaps, but
she would see with uncomprehending eyes, hear with unrecognizing ears.
If she lived through what they did to her, she would no longer be Dot
at all.

Dully, he could hear Tayne's words in a background that was a thousand
miles away. "_Reconciled and steady as she blasts. This is QT to
Control, C-Limit check--trajectory secure. Out._"

And again, there was something far back in Doug's brain, struggling
harder....

Then even as Tayne turned toward him from the dial consoles, it
burst into the forefront of his mind like a flare in the darkness.
_Twelve hundred Kemps at three hundred milliamperes, sir....
Genemotor, type A-26-F modified.... Sergeant! The neuro-tablets at
once.... Commandments Four, Part 3, Sub-section 12 as amended ... all
space craft shall be robot-controlled and shall fly predetermined
trajectories, save (1) when bearing members of the Science Council
and/or their certified representatives, to whom manual operation
and navigation at will is singularly permissible, or (2) when
insurmountable emergency shall occur...._

And suddenly, Doug's brain vaulted from the lethargy of hopelessness
and it was again at his command, a sharp, poised weapon of battle. _For
Tayne knew! Yet he would die before he would tell--unless, somehow...._

"Such confidence, Quadrate Tayne! Admirable! But you would look so
much more fit for your role with your sword in your hand, not in your
scabbard!"

Tayne reddened. "If it were not for my orders, Blair--"

"Why, such a lack of conditioning, Quadrate! Don't you know killing me
is supposed to be so repulsive to you that you couldn't even stomach
the thought of it? Tell me, don't I make you sick, Quadrate?"

       *       *       *       *       *

Tayne's hand went to the hilt of his weapon. He half-drew it, slammed
it back in its scabbard.

"Blair, we have twenty hours aboard this ship together. We can be at
each other's throats like children. Or not, as you please."

Doug sat down on the edge of the acceleration hammock. Perhaps it would
not be so difficult. Carefully, he entered the role further. He must
have just the right kind of smile.

"Ah, but think of all the trouble I can get you in if I make you lose
your temper and kill me! And you have got to admit, where I'm going, it
doesn't make much difference--to me, I mean."

Tayne turned back to the instrument panel as though to signify that he
had suddenly become a deaf man. And Doug kept talking, as though to
signify a complete lack of interest in whether Tayne was a deaf man or
not.

"As the matter stands, they took my sword away. So you'd never get
anywhere with a self-defense alibi. Lord, how they'd make you sweat!
By Saint Napoleon's mother I like the thought of that! And, after all,
since this is going to be my last flight, I really think I'm entitled
to a little amusement."

Silence.

"You know, Quadrate," Doug kept on relentlessly, "I don't imagine you
expected even me to act like this, did you? No, of course not. Not
very much the officer and gentleman. But that makes us more or less
even. You don't know what a gentleman is. You're so stupid you don't
even know who the next President of the United States is going to
be!--Oh, sorry. I keep forgetting--I don't think I ever told you that
I'm not the real Senior Quadrate Blair, and that I'm not from your
universe at all, did I, Tayne? Ever hear of the World Series? Oh, there
I--"

Tayne turned his head.

"Easy does it! I imagine you must think I've gone mad. Don't blame
you. I don't act at all like the Blair you know. Of course if I am
mad, you'd better be careful. And if I am from another universe, you'd
better be even more careful. As a matter of fact, at the moment,
Quadrate, your life may not be worth very much."

Doug rubbed his fingernails on his tunic, inspected their new sheen.
Then he looked up at Tayne.

Tayne stood, face mottled, an uneasy little thread of uncertainty deep
under the surface of his eyes.

"Very well, just to make it easy for you, Mr. Tayne, we shall say I am
mad, because that's easy to believe, and I can see you're quite sure of
it already. Yet just the same I can outwit you, Quadrate. That is, I
think that in the twenty hours of our flight together I can reduce you
to a gibbering idiot, far worse off than myself! Why, I may even have
you mumbling that you're Saint Napoleon himself! Now wouldn't that be a
picture!" Blair slapped his right hand to his tunic-front.

And Tayne drew his sword.

"If you killed me, Quadrate, you would have no proof of my madness for
the others--and I'm sure that our standing enmity would be reasoned as
the far more credible motive. Reasonable people, yours. Very. So much
so that they're all above making a rather ridiculous harangue like
this. Face the S-Council rather stoically, I should imagine. Quietly,
as befits their dignity. _Right?_"

Tayne almost jumped clear of the deck.

"By jingo, you're nervous, man! Sweating, too. And twenty more hours.
Let's see--what'll we talk about?"

Tayne was tense, immobile, undisguisedly confused.

"I bet you're thinking that if you could get me in a state of--shall
we say, unconsciousness, your troubles would be over. But you'd have
to get close to me to do that. And we both know that sword of yours
is no threat. Besides, I'm a madman. Either mad, or from another
universe--ha!--and then I might be able to kill you with a glance! Of
course, you can suppose this is all just an act, but even if I told you
it was you wouldn't be exactly sure, would you? Would you, now?"

       *       *       *       *       *

Tayne sheathed the sword. And slowly, as though he had reached some
desperate decision, he turned to the control panels. But not to the
ones at which he'd stood before. He touched one of a row of white studs
above which were the words S-C ONLY. And a rectangle of metal hardly
more than a foot in length and half as much in width slid back beneath
his fingertips, exposing a compact console of control keys.

_Or (2) when an insurmountable emergency should occur...._

Tayne was pressing buttons, and Doug knew that the trajectory had been
broken, and that the ship was free of its autorobot and under Tayne's
sole command.

The manual control console. Tayne had had enough! Were he an Earthman
as Doug was an Earthman--but he was not! He was a creature of pattern,
and there was only the pattern to follow. And an 'insurmountable
emergency' had indeed arisen. Flight with a madman who spoke of other
universes, and who, by definition of orders, dare not be killed.

Doug, still seated, braced his feet on the hammock's bottom edge, and
checked his spring even with his muscles tensed.

For Tayne turned suddenly. And the fear, the confusion were gone!

"Thank you, Quadrate Blair!" he said. "Madman, I am convinced--yet
brilliant to the last! I admit, I may not have thought of our personal
enmity as a motive for my actions--as a motive, I mean, that would
justify them!"

Something turned to ice in Doug's stomach. It was going wrong, somehow.

Tayne drew the sword slowly. "I shall kill you now. You see, you hated
me so much that I am afraid your hatred broke its bounds. And you not
only attacked me but--but I'm afraid you also attempted to take over
manual control of the ship in your madness. And for that of course--"

The sword was descending even as Doug launched his body from the
hammock.

They went down then, and the sword clattered from Tayne's grasp. The
blade-edge was speckled with red, and there was a searing pain across
Doug's back. But his hands were on Tayne's throat, and they were
closing.

And then they opened. The whistle of air into Tayne's lungs as he
fought for breath and for consciousness told Doug he had only seconds
before there was full life in the Quadrate's body again.

But the seconds were enough, for within them, he had the sword's hilt
firmly in his own hand. And then he had its tip at the Quadrate's
swollen, pulsing throat.

"You damn near threw me off schedule, Grand Imperial Wizard. Come on
get up."

Doug felt little rivulets of blood trickle down his spine. The wound
still stung, but it was not deep.

Slowly, Tayne rose, the sword-point beneath his chin.

"Don't make me nervous," Doug said. "Sudden moves get me all jittery,
and sometimes when I'm jittery I kill stuffed shirts just to ease the
tension. Back up. Now around--slow, Noble Grand Knight, or you'll
fall down without your head." The sword-point traced a thin line
of red half-way around Tayne's neck as the man turned. "Now we're
going to have some fun--only wish you were a tax-writer and I'd get
a bigger kick out of this. Venus, James. And at the first peculiar
maneuver--such as maybe cutting out the pseudograv or dumping us on the
carpet without enough back-blast and your nice uniform will get all
gooked up. Blood, you know." He dug the point deeper into Tayne's flesh
until some of it was red, the rest white with pain.

And again, there was nothing to do but play the gamble out. How brave,
Doug wondered, was a creature of pattern?

       *       *       *       *       *

Venus filled the viewscreen, the white sea of the planet's sky
stretching unruffled beneath them.

"Northern land mass, Tayne. Your Quadrant. Thirtieth Division, Second
Regiment, First Battalion, Company 'A'."

Tayne still said nothing. Doug kept the steady pressure on the sword
point.

The round, black buttons were arranged like an inverted T. Beneath
them were three square, flush-set dials. One was easily recognizable
as an artificial horizon-ecliptic indicator. The second, Doug thought,
indicated both plus and minus acceleration. And the third, simple
velocity and altitude.

Tayne's fingers had not punched the buttons, but had played them almost
as though they were the keys of a musical instrument. The horizontal
row was for change of direction to either left or right. The vertical,
change in axial thrust, for either upward accelerations or forward,
depending upon flight attitude. A slow turn executed by pressing
the buttons of desired intensity of power in both horizontal and
vertical columns simultaneously, with turn sharpness simply a matter of
coordinated button selection.

The top button was for full thrust--full speed in level flight,
blast-off from take-off position, or full deceleration in landing
attitude. Those below it were for power in progressively lesser
amounts. A twist of a fingertip would lock any of the buttons at any
degree of power output desired. With practiced co-ordination, simple
enough. Yet--what about climb or dip from the horizontal? Or inversion
for landing? That was something for which he must wait.

The cut across his back throbbed now, and he dared not brush his hands
across his eyes to smear the sweat from them.

And suddenly, Tayne's voice grated, "You had better drop the sword,
Blair." There was the tightness of pain in his words, but they were
clear. "I refuse to invert the ship. If we are to land, it must be
inverted in sixty seconds. If you kill me, you kill yourself, for you
do not know how to operate the panel beyond what you have seen--and you
have not seen the operation for inversion. If you give me the sword,
you will land alive."

"You're out of your head, Mr. Tayne! I'm Senior Quadrate Blair,
remember? I know how to operate the panel as well or better than you
do. Get going!" He dug the tip deeper, and fresh blood started.

But, Tayne's fingers remained immobile.

"Mad or sane, Senior Quadrate Blair or--or something else, if you knew
how to use the panel, you would not have taken the risk of forcing me
to do it! I would already be dead--"

There was a sudden, empty space in Doug's stomach.

"Thirty seconds, Blair."

The white mass of the sky was scant miles below them. He would need all
of the thirty seconds, and there was no time to think--only time to
realize that if he were to live, he must kill Tayne. It was like that
time so long ago on the beaches of Normandy....

With all his strength he plunged the sword through Tayne's neck. And
his own hands were at the control panel before Tayne's gurgling corpse
had slumped to the deck. The life-blood seeped from it far more slowly
than the seconds slipped beneath Doug's taut fingers.

Not the buttons, not the dials, for he had seen them. But part of the
panel itself--it had to be!

The panel _itself_!

He pressed one side, the other. Nothing. Ten seconds perhaps....

The bottom or the top next. But which? If it moved on a lateral
axis--that would be it, for elevation or depression from the
horizontal! But to accomplish what would amount to a half-loop....

He pressed the top of the panel. And it gave beneath his touch. In the
viewscreen, the white mass which rushed to envelop him seemed to shift--

Further down--that was it, all the way around!

Slowly, against an unseen source of pressure, he revolved the panel
a half-revolution about its lateral axis. Already he could see its
reverse side--on it in the same pattern there was an identical set of
control buttons, dials.

In the viewscreen there was a half-second's glimpse of the blackness of
Space before the inverted ship tumbled tail-first into the white ocean
of the Venus sky.

And again there was the awful sensation of falling through infinity.
Desperately, he pushed the top button.




                             CHAPTER XVII


He locked the top button at full depression and struggled to keep his
legs straight beneath him, braced as they were now against a bulkhead
which but a few minutes before had been, not a floor, but a wall. The
ship's gyro system was no longer functioning as a pseudograv unit,
but rather as a vertical stabilizer, and the second dial said four
gravities.

The acceleration needle dropped with agonizing slowness. Four
gravities, three point seven. The altimeter said one hundred thousand
feet, then ninety thousand, eighty, seventy-five.

Three point five gravities. Three point three. Even three at last.

Fifty thousand feet, forty-five, forty-two, forty thousand.

Two point six gravities.

Thirty-five thousand.

Two. One point nine. Point eight, seven, six, five.

Twenty-three thousand.

One gravity.

And the ship was hovering balanced by her gyros, at twenty-one thousand
feet above boundless reaches of Venusian sea.

Gingerly, Doug pressed the top of the panel, released the top button.

There was a sickening drop as from somewhere deep inside the ship new
sets of engines rumbled automatically to life as her nose came down,
her belly-jets belching, breaking the drop on their cushion of power.
And again the craft hovered, but now horizontally.

Tayne's corpse tumbled grotesquely off the bulkhead to the deck, made
Doug miss his footing, and he fell.

But nothing happened. The panel, without pressure, had returned
automatically to zero setting, and the belly-jets held steady.

Swiftly then, cursing himself for his awkwardness, Doug tore at Tayne's
cloak, the blood-soaked tunic beneath it. Somewhere he must have
it--logically, he must have it.

Something crackled. Doug smeared stinging sweat from his eyes as he
bent closer, found the neatly-hidden pocket, thrust a hand inside.

It was hard to keep the thin, bound packet of wide plastisheets steady.
Clumsily, he flicked to blank pages of Tayne's unused record tablet. In
those he had examined at his office the campaign maps had been in the
back.

And he found them there. _Estimated deployment, Phase One, First Hour._

No good ... two, perhaps three hours had elapsed. Gamble on Phase Three.

Division Thirty, Second Regiment, First Battalion, 'A' Company. There.

He stood up, locked a deep breath inside him, and placed his fingers
on the inverted T of control buttons for a second time.

North was the top of the viewscreen. What shown in it then must slide
from the top down.

His fingertip caressed the bottom-most button. And there was a gentle
surge of acceleration, and the screen picture was moving diagonally.
First button on the right....

       *       *       *       *       *

The picture swung slowly around. And then it was moving from top to
bottom of the screen. He pushed the bottom button all the way in, and
the velocity needles swung slowly up. A touch on the button above it,
and the needle quivered five hundred ten.

And then on the horizon there was suddenly a light blue blur, and he
braced himself against the shock of forward acceleration as he pushed
the button all the way in. Its limit was close to two thousand miles
per hour, and he locked it there.

Moments later he released it, eased pressure on it as the blue blur
shaped itself into the coastline of the northern land mass. Gradually,
he depressed the panel a full ninety degrees.

And the hurtling craft swung again on her blazing tail. Doug let the
panel return to zero and held the bottom button in. The belly-jets had
automatically cut out, and again he hovered, sinking slightly, this
time not above the dark blue waste of the Venusian sea, but above the
place where fantastic young armies with ten-year-old soldiers were
writhing, dying.

The altimeter needle showed five thousand feet, and already he was able
to discern the battle-lines of the two quadrants, no longer in close
marching formation, but now spread wide to cover an irregular area of
more than one hundred square miles. The lines surged first forward then
back, as though joined in some Gargantuan tug-of-war--shifted, changed,
like a great wounded serpent in its death-throes.

The lines were little more than a hundred yards in depth because
deployment for the games provided for no rear echelons--there were
only the battle echelons, with their ends defended mightily against
encirclement, attack from the rear.

Eventually, Doug knew, the flank defenses of both lines would give way,
and the centers of each would rupture, and then, until the hovering
tab and evac planes gave the signal that the Phase Three limit had
been reached, the battle would wage in a great undulating mass,
without formation, without plan, without reason. He had to reach Mike
and Terry before then, for once the lines disintegrated into Final
Phase--deployment at will--they'd be lost to him for good.

And Phase Three lasted at best for three hours. Final Phase, when it
begun, would last as many days.

Somehow, he had to jockey the hovering ship over the area where the
map-estimate indicated that Mike and Terry would be fighting. And when
he landed, he must somehow halt the carnage momentarily--just long
enough for them to see him, to run....

Doug tilted the great ship at an angle of about seventy degrees,
compensated it on the main drive and the single bank of bow belly-jets
that automatically checked in as the ship left vertical balance. And
the terrain below him moved slowly, canted oddly between horizon and
sky.

Slowly, toward the area designated on the map--slowly, sinking
slightly, so that he could see their faces now, watch as their maces
shattered the glittering helmets into junk, smashed into living flesh,
as their broadswords glistened red and swung, struck....

       *       *       *       *       *

Momentarily hypnotized by the horror that screamed below him and by
the sickening realization that what he saw was real even though his
reason rebelled through force of habit from admission that such reality
could exist, Doug watched the tilted battlefield as it stretched but
hundreds of feet below him now, watched as a smoothly-oiled, carefully
calculated device preserved the peace of a planet.

_A small, sweating body was hewn in two._

_A helmeted head fell; an arm dropped grotesquely beside it._

_A boy's boot was bathed in blood as he kicked viciously at his
opponent's chest to withdraw his sword from it._

_A brief, two-handed struggle with sword and mace--a sword stroke was
parried, the swinging mace was not, and a splintered rib with shreds
of flesh still sticking to it clung to the mace-pikes as an adversary
fell, the left side of his body gone._

And the dead, still-quivering masses of flesh and bone were trampled
as they fell, to be swiftly covered by other still-dying bodies which
collapsed, writhing, atop them, to be trampled in their turn....

Doug shuddered uncontrollably. Kids, dying on a battlefield like this!

A pair of helmeted heads suddenly disappeared in a twin red gush
from two pairs of sweating shoulders, and a group of twenty boys
converged on the spot, fought for almost a minute, and then the heads
were covered, and one boy at length dragged himself away, arms limp,
helpless. He died while an evac ship was landing. The swinging mace
that broke his back had not been necessary. He who wielded it fell
also an instant later, his spine severed in a long, diagonal gash. And
Doug thought how odd it was that a sword-cleft could look so like the
tearing wound which a flying chunk of shrapnel would gouge.

He was so low now that he had long since lost sight of the lines'
ends, had no way of knowing when encirclement at last would begin,
when the center of each line would give way, when Final Phase would
begin. But it seemed that the fighting had become less orderly, more
closely-grouped, more frenzied. Within minutes the Third Phase map
would be useless, and in Final Phase, there would be no knowing. No
knowing until long after the end.

The altimeter needle said two hundred feet, when, if he had read the
map with any degree of accuracy, he was over the area assigned to
Tayne's Thirtieth Division. He had the ship straightened and descending
when the blue light inset in the communications panel began to blink.
He would let it blink. Yet if he answered, at least he would know their
intentions....

Bloody young warriors sought desperately to give the great craft room
as he descended. Some were incinerated in its back-blast, and Doug
murmured a prayer that they had been among the already-dying. He would
not let himself think that of all he had seen die, any two could have
been Terry and Mike. He refused to let himself think that of the dozen
turned to cinders by his descending jets, any two could have been Terry
and Mike....

       *       *       *       *       *

The blue-red ground came slowly up to meet him. The blue light kept
blinking. He increased pressure on the bottom button--hovered, sank,
hovered again, sank.

And when the ground was obliterated with the searing flame of his
drive tubes, there was a gentle jar, and Doug let the button snap from
beneath his finger. He was down, and there was not even time to feel
relief.

He tripped over Tayne's body, fell heavily against the communications
panel. His fingers fumbled for a switch near the inset microphone.
The words blurred.... _FIELD ADDRESS. RADIO-SEND. RADIO-REC. FLEET
INTERCOM._

He twisted the knob to _RADIO-REC._ and the blue light stopped blinking.

"... D to QT, D to QT, over...."

He turned the dial to _RADIO-SEND_.

"This is QT," he said. He switched back, waited.

"Larsen, this is Gundar! What in Napoleon's name are you doing? What
did you do with Blair?"

Doug tore a plastisheet leaf from Tayne's note tablet, thrust it over
the mike-face.

"I had to kill him."

"_Kill_ him? Larsen you fool.... You know what they'll say--"

"He tried to get at the manual controls ... succeeded in wrecking the
autorobot, so I had to use them. And I had to kill him when he tried to
take over by force. Give you a--"

"Larsen, something wrong with your communications? You're coming in
badly--didn't read your last. Say again please."

"He wrecked the robot-control," Doug repeated. His lips were dry across
his teeth and it was hard to keep his voice even. "I had to break out
the manual. He tried to take them over, too, so I had to kill him. He
was like a maniac--you know how he hated me. Must have figured out the
whole plan somehow, and went berserk. I'll file a complete report when
this is finished. Over." He waited, sweat rolling in icy rivulets the
length of his arms. The wound on his back stung, and his muscles were
trembling with fatigue.

"What do you mean, when this is finished? Got to be immediate, man!
There'll be hell to pay as it is. I was afraid something would go
wrong--he was a smarter man than you thought, and I told you as much.
Take care of whatever you're checking on down there immediately and
then get back to headquarters and draw up a form 312-L-5. File for my
office and the PG's. You should've done that at once. Out."

"Yes, sir, right away. Out."

There was a silent prayer on Doug's lips as he turned the knob to
_FIELD ADDRESS_. It was worth a try....

There was a humming sound. However it functioned, it was ready.

"This is Senior Quadrate Blair. All units within range of this command
will cease battle immediately...."

He twisted a control under the viewscreen, kept twisting until its
scope had undergone a ninety degree shift. And then he saw them, waves
of them, slowing, stopping, turning to face the ship. Unbelievably,
the sound of his voice had somehow been carried for a radius of at
least a mile, and thousands of them, their blood mingled with their
muddied sweat, were suddenly still, listening. Some fell, untouched,
as a last wound belatedly took its toll. But all that could remained
standing. There could be no sitting rest, for none knew when the
command to resume battle would come, and when it did, it would be death
to be sitting.

Within a half minute, a great circle of them was still, battle
continuing only at its periphery where his command was either being
defended or had gone unheard.

"Attention, troops of Division Thirty, Second Regiment, First
Battalion, A Company. If--" and he dared not hesitate, must say it
quickly, and then wait, "--Ronal Blair and Kurt Blair are able, they
will report to this ship on the double! Terry, Mike--" and there was
a sudden catch in his voice that he could not help. Then, "_Come
running._"

And he watched the viewscreen, turned the knob slowly to revolve its
range, a complete 360 degrees.

Nothing, nothing as he turned slowly.

       *       *       *       *       *

In moments Gundar Tayne would contact him again, question him, and
he would have no convincing answer. And then it would be too late.
He would have the choice of punching the top button and catapulting
himself to safety, not knowing even if Mike and Terry still lived
somewhere down there, or staying to carry out a gamble that should have
been lost a dozen times already.

Suddenly, he saw it. The huge ship of the Director, in a long, circling
glide. And the boys were moving again, raising their swords, circling
their maces. He had been countermanded--

The blue light was blinking.

Another ten degrees of turn--

There was a terrible clattering at the stern of the ship as though
it was being rent apart plate by plate. The screen would not depress
that far. He revolved it back. Tayne's ship had landed a scant hundred
yards away and a guard had already been flung around it. And men were
approaching on the run, strange devices in their hands. Then they
stopped, were putting the devices in position on the ground.

The clanging grew louder now.

It would be one of them. One of them with a warning, and if he did not
open up, surrender.... But the blue light still blinked.

He could have missed them. As he swung the screen, they could have
been running in an area yet untouched--the last ten degrees....

The clanging was lessening.

He hauled down the knife-switch marked "STERN PORT."

The clanging ceased.

And then, muffled almost to inaudibility, a wild, far-off yell. "_Shut
it, Dad, for the luvva mike, SHUT it!_"

And he jammed the switch home.

There was an awful racket then. An awful, wonderful racket. Mike,
Terry, clambering hell-bent up the spiraling cat-walks! Mike, Terry,
safe aboard....

A movement in the viewplate stilled the cry that had formed in his
throat. The strange devices--there was a bluish-white flash, and the
viewscreen was suddenly white with a ball of coruscating brilliance.
Short....

Had to blast-off--but the kids, not braced on the cat-walks.... Still
clambering, maybe only half-way up....

Another streak, but no flash. Over. They were bracketing.

The next one, whatever it was, the next one would be a bulls-eye.

With all his voice he bellowed "_HANG ON!_" even as Mike and Terry
burst, breathless, into the control room.

His finger hesitated only a moment. And then he jammed the bottom
button in and his knees bent, but they held.

And in the corner of his eye he saw the blue-white flash erupt
dead-center below.

He eased the button pressure and hovered, out of range.

In a moment Gundar Tayne's craft would be in the air. Then....

"Kids--kids, you O.K.?" He locked the ship in its hover and then he
was beside them, scanning their half-naked, bruised bodies in quick
glances, then holding them to him with all the strength of both arms.

"Dad?"

"Yes. Me, your old man...."

"We been dodgin' and watchin' for hours, Dad. Let's get out of here!"

He held them to him a second longer, then turned to the communications
panel, Mike at his left, Terry at his right. "... They almost caught us
at the door down there.... Dad I--I think I killed one...."

"We did as you said, Dad. We watched as much as we could, but most of
the time we had to stay on the ground, playing dead...."

The communications dial was still at _FIELD ADDRESS_.

He looked at it, then looked at the viewscreen. Thousands of them,
stilled for so short a moment, now surging, tearing at each other's
vitals again. There was a terrible hurt somewhere deep inside him, and
he wanted to voice it, to get it out, to tell them somehow.

But they would not understand him if he were to speak for a minute or
for an hour. These whom he watched had been lost from the day of their
birth.

But, thank Heaven, not the two at his side.

"Get in those hammocks, kids," he said.

They did, and he braced himself against the bulkhead. He was twisting
the top button even as he punched it home, and it caught.

The deck rushed up with smashing force.




                             CHAPTER XVIII


The white, sterile room seemed to have closed in upon itself since
she had been first brought to it so many hours before, and the heavy
desk was now just a great mass of steel, its curved lines no longer
distinct, but trailing off somewhere in an incomprehensible geometry of
their own. There was movement behind the desk, white, blurry movement
that blended with the walls, but the flesh-colored mask that hovered
above it did not seem to move at all. Dot's eyes could no longer focus
for the fatigue of the tests had sucked the well of her physical
energy dry, but she knew the face.

He was Mannix, director of the S-Council, they had told her.

The tests had torn her soul from her, turned it inside out, stripped
it naked, examined it beneath their microscopes of unending questions
asked in a thousand different ways with a thousand different
inflections, connotations.... The sterile white rooms, the lights, the
darkness....

To hear what she and they had known from the beginning, and what the
blurred, unmoving face was telling her now.

"... tests have been evaluated according to Section 679, Sub-section B
of Commandment Seventeen, Part E, as amended, and you have been found
to be unquestionably sane. It is my duty therefore to interpret the law
with a finding of guilty of acts of heresy, as charged in each of the
counts cited, committed with the premeditated deliberation of a sound,
and therefore fully responsible mind."

Dot no longer felt fear, only a terrible tiredness. It did not matter
what Mannix said. Nor of course, could it matter what she might say.
There was the truth, of course, but it would be doubly incriminating,
and would spell disaster for Doug.

_She would never see Doug again._

"... entitled, by rank, to denial...."

_Or know him if she did._

"... may speak, now as privileged, before you are sentenced...."

_Never see her Earth, her Terry or her Mike again!_

"... and in the absence of remonstrance as privileged...."

_Or know that the sun and the stars above the alien planet upon which
she would walk were not those under which she had been born...._

"... hereby sentence you, Madame Lisa Blair, to loss of privilege to
breed offspring through sterilization, and to the complete loss of
all ego and all memory therewith connected through psychomutation,
which treatment shall immediately follow the first. In the name of
the Prelatinate, the Prelate General, and the party hosts, I do so
pronounce sentence."

A panel had opened noiselessly behind her.

The blurred face nodded imperceptibly, and arms suddenly were lifting
her to her feet, leading her from the white, sterile room....

       *       *       *       *       *

There was an empty roaring in his ears as he struggled for
consciousness, and he could only half-feel the tugging at his body,
half-hear the frightened sound of Terry's voice.

"Dad--dad, you've got to get up, dad!"

Painfully, he made his shaking muscles take over the burden of his
weight, forced himself to his feet.

The viewscreen was black save for the receding white disk that was
Venus. The acceleration needle quivered at just under two gravities.

"--Dad, everything feels funny. So heavy. For a long time we couldn't
even move out of those bed-things."

His head hurt and there was drying blood on the side of his face. His
body felt as though it had been flailed by a thousand of the maces, and
his back wound was a long, throbbing ache, and it was sticky-wet again.

He tried to force a grin to his face, and even that drew tiny shards of
pain.

"Wish I could've gotten to one of those bed-things, Mike! Believe me I
never want to hear the expression 'hit the deck' again."

"Well you sure hit it. Anything feel busted?"

"Everything sure does! But I'll be O.K. in a minute." He sat heavily
on the edge of a hammock, fought against the tugging urge to sink
back into unconsciousness. But when the acceleration needle said one
gravity and the gyros took over, he had to get back on his feet.

"Dad! Where the heck are we going?"

"And when you get us there, will you tell us what the contraption did
to get us in this place, and make us all--even you--look all different?
We thought it was one of those scary dreams until you got us out in
front of everybody ... and I still ain't so sure...."

Doug still hurt, but the dizziness was going, and there was Terry's
question to answer. It was a good question.

"Earth, that's where we're going! Ever hear of it?"

"This is a _real_ space-ship, Dad?"

Doug smiled down at him. "It's pretty real," he said.

They watched him in silence as he began his search.

He wasted twenty minutes at it before he was forced to the conclusion
that there were no astronomical charts, no star maps. The Science
Council would have its own, and the robot didn't need any....

He was glad the boys were with him. Glad, because without them, the
cold panic that welled inside might have taken hold. Glad, because with
them, he could muster the will it took to keep from telling himself how
terribly big and empty infinity was.

Maybe you should've stuck with the MIT degree after all, Carl Grayson
had said. And, he had stuck himself with it! But, if the things he had
learned to get it had gotten him into this, then they would damn well
have to get him out!

Doug ripped the blank plastisheets from Tayne's unused notebook, tossed
them to the flat surface of the console. There was an ink-stylus in
another pocket of the dead man's tunic.

He pointed to a bulkhead chronometer. "Tell me when an hour's up,
boys," he said.

He must have his answers within the hour, for in computing them he
would need a constant to represent known navigation error, and the hour
would represent it, once he determined its value. And if he should
exceed that time, its value would be changed--and the constant, the
calculations, worthless.

With the viewscreen, he began his search of space for the bright,
blue-white planet that would be Earth. When he found it, he would use
twenty minutes of the hour to establish the plane of its ecliptic.
Then, if he could remember what the books had said, remember its
orbital speed, its orbital arc for the month of August and its
resultant distance from the sun. And then of course the same
mathematical equivalents for Venus, and subsequent establishment of the
necessary relationships. And then interjected in it must be his own
speed and relative direction for the space of one hour.

And when he had his dead-reckoning solution, it would still be like
shooting ducks--with Earth the biggest duck that a man ever had to bag.
And with a sling-shot--his stylus--not the finely-machined shotgun that
would be the slide-rule and calculator which he didn't have.

He kept turning the screen. In six precious minutes he found it, like a
bright new jewel pinned to the white silk scarf of the Milky Way.

Earth.

He reached for the ink-stylus, the blank plastisheets....

       *       *       *       *       *

There was a searing, bright light above her and it sent stabbing
tentacles of pain through her head, and they lashed at her flagging
brain.

They had lain her prone on a cold, flat surface, and their faces
circled her, blurred as Mannix' had been, and infinitely far above her.

There was the murmur of voices, and the bright light was divided and
divided again into myriads of white, stabbing lances as it was broken
into glittering bits upon the edges of the slender instruments they
held.

Let them, let them....

_No, scream--scream or something, you idiot!_

In a second there would be the hypodermic or the anaesthesia and she
would not be able to scream--

"You're so--so stupid ..." she heard her voice saying, a dimly audible
echo off the edges of infinity itself. "Sterilize me. Keep me from
breeding. What I want, you fools! They all do, they all do, you know.
And you, yourselves, give the answer to it. To our question, how much
longer, how many, many more...."

She could not be sure if she spoke waking or dreaming, in the delirium
of exhaustion or in the unintelligibility of anaesthesia. But she was
thinking the words, and she could still feel the motion of her tongue,
its fuzzy touch against her teeth.

The glittering instruments were immobile.

"If heresy brings us this--this relief from a fear of forever being
only a machine of flesh and blood to produce--to produce as any machine
with no value whatever other than to produce until it falls into
wreckage--then, then heresy will some day flourish, and you'll all be
wrinkled and old, and there will be no young voices."

She let the words bubble from her, not caring, yet somehow caring,
somehow fighting with all her being. But it was not a clever ruse, for
there was still not strength enough to consciously pit her wits against
them. It was something else, this strange fight, something else that
stemmed from deep within her.

And now the murmur of voices above her had changed tenor, oddly
interrupted by jagged bits of silence.

Done something. What she had said had done something, and they were
hearing her. Hearing her, so she must speak louder, must open her eyes
wide and let the bright light send the stabbing flashes of pain deep
into her brain, whip it stingingly into consciousness.

It hurt, it hurt....

Colored circles, drifting, but it was from the light--and she was
thinking now, and in a moment she would be seeing their faces more
clearly. Had to talk again....

       *       *       *       *       *

Dot lurched up on her elbows, felt the curious relaxation of a smile
on her lips. "Go ahead! The rest of the women know what you're going
to do to me! And pretty soon they'll let you do it to them! If we're
no good as an underground to stop you, we'll let you use us to stop
yourselves--think that one over before next election!"

From somewhere very near her a voice said "Madame Blair, please. You
are interfering with the operation!"

But now the words were coming more easily. Her hands and feet were cold
and wet, and her muscles shook, but now she was fighting with the last
of the energy in her, she was fighting because she had found the chink
in their armor, and she could widen it, could break through!

"Oh, very well--I wouldn't do that! Because I've been looking forward
to this for so very long. Just to think, I'll be comfortably dried up,
and--it'll be legal! No more fear!"

"You must be silent, Madame Blair."

"Is there some new amendment to the precious Commandments that
says I must be silent? The last one I heard was just before I was
brought here--Yes, have you heard the latest, gentlemen? An amendment
prohibiting the execution of a sentence on an official's wife, until
that official is present as a legal witness? But no, I can see you
haven't, and hope you get into all kinds of trouble! Chapter--Chapter
580, gentlemen--Book 631, Section 451, Paragraph A, Sub-paragraph 34,
Sentence."

And abruptly she let the bitter spurt of words taper into silence, and
her eyes were wide. Only one of them was at her side--the rest were
suddenly grouped around the one in charge, who was nervously fingering
a telecall dial.

Like children! Doug said they were creatures of pattern, and something
had suddenly smashed the pattern to smithereens, and they dared do
nothing until they had a firm hold on the torn-up ends again. She had
got them scared stiff!

_This is it, girl! Move!_

The last of her strength. A swift, sidewise kick, and she buried the
heel of one bare foot into the groin of the man who had stayed to guard
her. She had braced her other leg on the edge of the low operating
table, and thus anchored, the kick carried all the merciless impact
that was needed. She did not wait to see the quick look of agony that
mottled his face and she was off the table and running before he had
sunk silently to his knees. The surgical robe was short and did not
hamper her legs, and for the first time since she was a little girl,
she ran for the sake of pure, uninhibited speed. She had reached the
door marked EXIT ONLY before the rest of them realized what she had
done, and then they were after her, their howling voices a mixture of
disbelief and dismayed anger.

It was a long, wide corridor. The enraged shouts of alarm behind her
had already turned it into a thunderously echoing cacophony of pure and
terrible noises, and she knew that within moments, around some turn
ahead of her there would be more of them, and she would be trapped, and
it would be all over.

She would have let the sudden pain in her side double her when, less
than a hundred feet ahead of her, more of them did appear; her flagging
strength would have let her fall at their feet had she not seen it
at the last moment, hardly twenty feet from her--the thing for which
she'd been so desperately looking, had not been able to see through the
stinging mist that still made things blur uncertainly.... Another door.
Another door marked SERVICE EXIT at the top.

She ran through it, breath sucking painfully into her lungs, the
surgical gown already wet and clinging to her with ice-cold sweat.
A long steel ramp, forty feet above the ground, curving in a gentle
half-spiral to the broad street below.

She fled the curving length of it, swiftly past other service exits,
her flight becoming more of a fall each split-second than a run, for
her legs would not keep up. And then her momentum pitched her headlong
into the street and she struggled desperately for balance.

She heard them behind her, feet thundering on the ramp, thundering in
her ears.

A silver vehicle sped by, missed her, its undertow plucking at the
sodden fabric of her garment. Another, and then suddenly the thundering
grew louder and there was no more strength left.

The speeding golden-hued vehicle bore down on her, and Dot screamed,
fell headlong in its path.

       *       *       *       *       *

Doug's error was wide, but mercifully, he had led his target by too
great a distance rather than by too little, and the ecliptic had
been right. It would not be a chase, but a meeting. He brought Ship
QT into a sharp, angling turn when he was sure, and there was silent
thanksgiving at his lips as the moon of Earth rolled slowly far
below him. And Earth itself became a pale blue bull's eye, growing
perceptibly larger with each minute in the viewscreen.

He did not unlock the top button. He could be already many, many hours
too late, but there was no knowing.

Like a great torpedo, the ship hurtled toward its target as though to
blast it from Space. In eight minutes it would be midway between Earth
and its moon, and in nine, Doug would invert, cutting the difference
between crash and controlled landing perilously thin.

"Terry, get the dead man's sword and belt. Mike, help me find some
tools--anything that even looks like a wrench."

When two of the nine minutes were gone, Doug had found a tool that
would serve. When a portion of the third was gone he had a section of
the communications panel naked. When seven of them were gone he had its
high-kempage pack loose on its bearers, and when there were but seconds
left in the ninth, he had it free, and lashed with torn strips of his
cloak to one of the hammocks.

"Hold on, now," he said then. His voice was raw and it hurt to
talk. There was a dryness in his mouth that made his words fuzzy
and indistinct, and his tongue felt swollen enough to choke him. "I
want both of you on that hammock--get that thing between you, strap
yourselves down, and then hold onto it for all your life. When we land,
get the straps off quickly, and--" he clenched his teeth, had to push
the words through them, "--and have your swords ready. I'll take care
of the rest; you just follow me. Understand, boys?"

They nodded silently, strapping themselves securely to the hammock.

Three seconds ... two, one. Release the top button. Press the panel
full around, all the way ... there go the bow belly-jets--stern jets
topside.... Top button, all the way in, twist it--

The Moon swam into the viewscreen, was shrinking fast, too fast. No,
slowing a little....

He swung the screen to full stern, and Earth was rushing up, not quite
yet filling it.

Speed in thousands per second ... sixteen ... fifteen point
five--fifteen. The needle fell so slowly. Gravs were coming up, one
point five--two full. Over two now, and speed falling a little faster.

Earth filled the screen.

And then he took his eyes from the dials, for he knew that whatever
they read, he was at the full mercy of the ship itself. The top button
was all the way in, and locked. She was giving all she had.

When the grav indicator quivered at four, Doug slumped to the deck,
unable to stand. He rolled to his back, winced, and tried to keep his
eyes on the grav needle.

       *       *       *       *       *

They blurred, stung in oceans of hot tears. The shrill siren-scream of
atmosphere pierced the thick, heavily insulated hull and Doug knew what
was coming--heat, unbearable heat.

His short gasps seared his mouth, and his heart was like a gigantic
pile-driver inside him, struggling to burst its way through his chest.

And then as though it had all been but part of a timed experiment in
some weird laboratory, the sensation of being crushed to death began to
abate. He could see the grav needle again, and it had already fallen
back to two. Speed was now in unit miles per hour, and the figures were
dropping from nine hundred.

Doug forced himself to his feet.

"Dad ... Dad, are we O.K.? Dad?"

"Maybe," he said.

When the grav needle was steady at One, Doug reduced thrust to hold
them hovering at a little more than two hundred thousand feet over the
Atlantic, with the coastline of what to him was France almost directly
below.

A sickening, quick drop and the horizon-ecliptic indicator showed
parallel flight, and Doug could feel the thrust of the belly engines
beneath his feet. Then he pressed the bottom button, then the middle,
and the Atlantic was rushing beneath them. Carefully, he depressed the
next one up. All the way in, he locked it. The velocity figure in unit
miles per hour was fifteen thousand.

Eleven minutes later he cut the power again, slowed, brought the ship
once more on its stern, and began his descent over Washington.

Within moments they would spot him, would be ready.

It would have to be fast, miles from the central space-port--a suburb,
near a highway.

He let her fall fast. Ten thousand. Eight. Four.

He tilted, angled a little north and west, then dropped again.

At five hundred feet he trebled the power, and it was as though a great
'chute had snapped open above them.

Three hundred feet--the highway perhaps a quarter of a mile distant.

No one down there, but they could be hiding, waiting.

Fifty feet. Had to time it just so, now....

The last ten feet they fell.




                              CHAPTER XIX


He estimated that there would be five minutes at the most before the
area was flooded with S-men. The rest of the gamble hinged entirely on
what they succeeded in doing, or failed to do, within the space of a
few hundred heart-beats.

They made the roadside in little more than a minute after leaving the
ship. Terry and Mike lay prone in the wide drainage gutter, their
swords drawn, their bodies camouflaged by a few handfuls of hastily
hacked scrub brush.

Doug stood at the side of the superhighway, the power-pack at his feet,
his shredded cloak in his hands to wave.

The traffic seemed light for so late in the afternoon. The sun was hot,
and he was breathing heavily from the stumbling, desperate run across
the small, rutted field. The ship towered above what few trees there
were, and it marked them for a target.

A streamlined shape was racing toward him. It seemed to take all the
strength he had left to wave the cape, and he wondered if he were
waving it at searching S-men....

The vehicle sped by, whipping the cape in its undertow. It was going
nearly two hundred miles an hour, and there was no driver inside it. A
robot carrier.

Thirty seconds went by before the next one came. It was going slower,
and it too was driverless.

Doug glanced at the sky. To the west, high, tiny dots--

It was a full minute before the next one came. With both hands, cloak
dropped because it was too heavy, Doug waved, and the vehicle was
slowing.

"Ready, boys...." There was a slight rustle behind him as they came to
their knees.

The driver stopped his car almost abreast of him, and opened the
passenger door.

"What's the trouble? You crack up? While we're riding you can use the
autophone--"

Doug moved into the vehicle slowly, then lashed out at the man's
head with the smooth, heavy rock that was in his left hand. In his
exhaustion he struck only a glancing blow, and there was barely time
for a second, but the second connected, and the driver slumped, jammed
behind his semi-circular steering wheel.

"Mike, Terry--"

In a moment the helicopter would have him spotted, or an S-Council
patrol car would be braking beside him.

They hauled the driver out, left him at the road side. He was not
dead, and Doug was curiously thankful for that. He had killed one man
already....

He wasted a second for another glance at the sky. Closer now, and
it was obvious that they had spotted the ship. He had to get the
vehicle in motion somehow. A robot sped by, its air wake rocking
them slightly. He had the pack on the seat beside him, and Terry was
slamming the door.

No clutch or brake pedal. Only one pedal, and it could only be an
accelerator. But pivoted in the middle. There was no sound to the
engine, no way to tell if it were running because the only dash
instrument was a speed indicator.

He pressed the pedal forward. And they did not move. Backward, then....

It moved. In five seconds the speed needle was climbing past eighty,
going smoothly upward.

He wondered if they had been seen.

In a dash mirror he saw Terry and Mike turning their heads up, looking
through the curved transparent metal top.

"Must be a hunnerd of 'em--they're starting to land I think!"

"All of them?"

"I guess so--wait! Yeah, he's gonna land, too, I guess. I can't see 'em
anymore. Gosh, we're sure moving."

"Creepers, a hundred and _eighty_! Hey Dad, where are we going, anyway?"

"To the headquarters hospital building. I think--I think that's where
your mother is."

"Is she hurt?"

"I don't know, Mike, I don't know."

He pressed his heel to the floor-board. He was glad for Tayne's sword
at his side. Even for the ones the boys carried.

       *       *       *       *       *

The sign said City of Washington, District of Columbia, Population
531,423. Speed Limit 55 MPH.

Doug raised his heel, the car slowed. He frowned. No road-blocks, no
pursuit! There had been plently of time since the helicopters had
landed--five, six minutes perhaps. They knew where he was going, and
were going to let him walk right into it, some neatly conceived trap at
the hospital. So they'd be sure to have him alive ... alive, to be used
as an example!

Savagely, he heeled the pedal down. Let them be waiting--they were
fools if they hadn't figured on the swords! Or--or he was a fool, for
counting on them.

The car's tires wailed as he rounded the long, curving turn that
brought him onto St. Jefferson Way, past the Payne Monument, and within
two blocks of the headquarters building hospital wing.

The traffic was thickening, planned of course to make things look as
natural as possible--not to arouse his suspicion at the last moment....

"Get those swords ready, kids...."

He heard them scrape from their scabbards.

And without warning the form of a woman darted into his path. He
swerved, jammed the pedal forward, and the car rocked sickenly.

And he had seen her face in that one awful second--it was Dot who had
fallen in the street behind him!

The boys were at his heels as he leapt from the car. There were
white-clad men rushing toward them, and he had Dot's form in his arms
as the first of them closed in.

There was the quick blink of sunlight on steel as Mike and Terry swung
their weapons.

And as though stunned, the men in white stopped short, suddenly silent,
awkwardly-poised statues.

Doug knew the spell would last for seconds at best. The half-naked boys
stood grimly, feet wide apart, sword-hilts grasped in both hands.

Doug, with Dot's limp body in his arms, broke for the car.

"Come on!"

And Terry and Mike were at his heels. The men in white broke their
frozen ranks then and swarmed over the small area of street that the
two broadswords had commanded for the telling few seconds.

Doug bolted the vehicle into motion. And then they were free.

"What dopes," Mike was saying. "Were they scared! I bet they didn't
figure we'd be ready to fight 'em! But who did we--?"

"Boys, see what you can do for your mother. It is your mother, she just
looks different, like we do...."

"Mother--"

"Hurry up. She's just fainted, that's all. We didn't hit her."

       *       *       *       *       *

Dot was conscious when they arrived at the house, and she was managing
to speak.

"Are they--"

"The boys, yes Dot. Our boys. Now look, we've got to run for it. I'll
carry you, and you hang on to the pack.... Mike, Terry--"

"Ready, Dad. Will there be many?"

"I don't know. Maybe none, but if there aren't, it'll only be for a
very few minutes. Let's go!"

They ran, and the boys burst through the front door with their swords
lunging at emptiness.

"The cellar!"

He heard them clamber down the steel stairs.

"It's O.K. Dad--come on!"

Dot's face was white, and her eyes were open wide. He carried her as
gently as he could, but she had never been so terribly heavy in his
arms.

It happened at the cellar doorway, at the top of the stairs.

He stumbled, fought for balance, fell to one knee, clutched hard and
Dot screamed.

But he held her, and her arms were choking at his neck.

And there was a crashing, clanging noise as the power-pack fell from
her, caromed from step to step, and lay finally in a shattered ruin on
the cellar floor.




                              CHAPTER XX


Slowly, Doug straightened, descended the stairs with Dot's trembling
body still in his arms. The boys stood motionless.

There was only the sound of Dot's quiet sobbing, and that of Doug's
boots as they struck hollow sounds from the steel stair treads, moved
heavily as though fitted to the legs of an awkward robot to scatter
the shattered bits of the power-pack tubes and crush them as they came
underfoot.

Gently, he put her down. The boys knelt at either side of her, Doug
himself before her.

"Don't, please don't, Dot," he said.

"Oh, Doug--"

And then she clung to him, and her face was wet against his own, but
they were the last of her tears.

"Afraid?"

"No. Scared a little, but just scared. I don't fear them, Doug ...
they're not worth enough to fear."

Mike and Terry had gone over to where the Contraption was, had pulled
off its dust-cover, and stood looking at it as though puzzled, as
though wondering why, so suddenly, it had become a worthless thing.

"Nobody's touched it, Dad," Doug heard Mike saying. "I don't think
anybody's done anything to it."

Doug didn't answer, for he did not know how to tell them, how to make
them know that there was no way.

"I just--just dropped it, Doug...."

He tried to smile, and his face felt old and tired. "We were overdue
anyway," he said. "Way overdue. I guess it's against the rules to beat
the odds forever."

"I just ... just dropped it...."

"Don't, don't my darling. It wasn't you, don't you understand? It
wasn't you, or me--the little fight we made just prolonged things for
awhile. Sort of like living itself, I guess. The big system. You can
let it sweep you along as it will or you can fight it if you're fool
enough...."

"Doug! Doug, you don't believe those things!"

He felt the muscles of his face tighten, and he said nothing. No, no
he did not believe them, but what difference did that make? It was the
ways things were that mattered!

He picked up the broadsword Terry had let fall.

"How long--how long will it be, Doug?"

Her voice was calm; there was even a faint flush of color in her face
again.

"I don't know," he said. "For awhile at least, this might seem the
least logical place."

"Dad, what's in this big box? Hey, Dad!"

       *       *       *       *       *

He stood up, turned toward them. The kids--so full of life and the
love of living, so full of the myriad curiosities that made living a
colorful vibrant thing.

"This one here. Over here--a big tall wooden one."

Doug heard her quick intake of breath, turned to her.

"Before the telecall, Doug. Before they took me. A helicopter came,
from the electronics place ... they brought that box, and I--"

In quick strides he was beside Mike and Terry, and everything inside
him was suddenly churned up, cold, hot....

Mike had wrenched a section of planking loose, had reached inside.

"I got the label, Dad.... High-Speed Blower-Rack, With Double Blower,
Model 4-L532, two each--"

The final, hellish irony. As though it were not enough to fail, but to
be mocked as he failed, as though Fate--or was it Providence?--could
not close the incident without at least a gentle laugh at him, a cruel
laugh to make light of all his confusion, his efforts and all that had
driven him to make them. Doug wondered if there would be enough of the
strength he would need, when he died, to laugh back.

The planking squawked as Terry pried with Mike's broadsword.

"Maybe it can help, Dad ... maybe it can," Terry said, and he continued
the prying. Mike pulled at it, and there were louder squawks as the
nails protestingly surrendered.

Doug wanted to stop them, to tell them, but there could be such a
little time left, and if it kept them busy there might not be time for
them to become afraid.

He watched them as they ripped the top from the crate, eagerly began
hauling out its contents.

Four large, wide-bladed fans, each perhaps sixteen inches in diameter,
and each driven by a compact electric motor. They were coaxially
mounted on tall, slender chromium plated racks and could be adjusted on
them to meet any conceivable experiment in ventilation engineering.

Doug said nothing, let them continue. It might not even be necessary to
tell them that their discovery was nothing more than two ingeniously
designed air conditioning units.

He wondered why they had come at all. The Prelatinate-Attorney's idea,
perhaps, of a not-too-subtle jest. That, or even a veiled warning.

There was more squawking of wood, and in a few moments Mike and Terry
had each of the units placed beside each other on the cellar floor.

"There's other junk here too," Terry was saying. "Pulleys and stuff,
Dad. And a sheet of directions or something. Here, look Dad ... maybe
it'll help."

Doug looked at the smudged sheet of plastisheet that Terry had thrust
in his hand. Only simple diagrams, indicating the use and assembly of
the pulleys for desired variations in blower speeds. Even the simple
rheostat, Doug mused, was taboo....

He crumpled the sheet, let it fall to the floor.

And suddenly grabbed it up again, smoothed it, looked again at the
last sentence! ... _each motor operates on regular household direct
current of 250 Kemps, as authorized by_ ...

Two hundred fifty Kemps--and there were four of the motors!

"Dot! Dot those tools by the Contraption! And any scrap wire
there--hurry!"

       *       *       *       *       *

He worked with inhuman swiftness of desperation. Dot knelt beside him,
handed him tool by tool as he asked for it, as though she were a scrub
nurse and he the surgeon, with a patient that might have but moments to
live.

And silently, Terry and Mike watched, eyes wide with wonderment. They
watched as Doug equipped two of the motors with the large pulleys,
the two others with pulleys of less than half their diameter. Then he
linked them with the flat rubber belts.

"See if you can get the insulation off the ends of those wires--the
ones a couple feet long are all right."

He moved the racks next to the bench, brought them close together, and
when Dot handed him the wire, he had the two motors on which he had
placed the small pulleys denuded of their streamlined jackets. It was
between those two that he made a simple connection in series.

"Terry, Mike--while I'm making connections to the Contraption, see if
you can get the fan blades off their shafts."

Two connections--two simple connections....

He finished the second connection.

"One more fan to go, Dad--"

He plugged the two outer motors with the large pulleys into the wall
outlets above the bench. Then his fingers waited on the switches.

"But Doug, the fan motors will only work on house current--"

"Yes, that's right, but I've geared--pulleyed, I mean--two of them up,
so that they'll turn the other two at least twice their normal armature
speed. And the simple electric motor works--"

"--in reverse, too, doesn't it! If you turn it by mechanical means, it
generates electric current!"

"That's about it. I ought to get about five hundred volts from each,
with the pulley ratio I'm using. And they're both connected in series,
so--a thousand volts, I hope. Childish, isn't it--"

There was sudden chaos above them.

"Doug--"

Terry dropped the last fan-blade to the floor.

Doug pressed the switches, and the two electric motors spun into
humming, whirring motion, driving the other two at a speed he knew
might burn them out in minutes. Then he closed the Contraption's main
switch, and pulled Terry and Mike bodily to him with one arm as he held
tightly to Dot with the other.

S-men swarmed down the cellar stairs.




                              CHAPTER XXI


A dozen men clad in white uniforms of the S-Council surrounded them,
and there were weapons in their hands.

Senior Quadrate Blair understood. Partially, he understood. He had been
reading a banner headline, and then suddenly--suddenly there had been
an indescribable moment of utter dark, of awful timelessness--and cold.
And there was still the cold, tangible and fluorescing in a green-blue
flame about him. Through it he could see the white blurs--the men in
white. S-men....

"Lisa--" He felt her beside him, crushing their two sons to her
trembling body. He could see their faces, then--upturned to his,
pleading, afraid. "The change. Somehow my counterpart, my imposing
alter-ego has succeeded, Lisa! He has found his way back, and in so
doing he has returned the four of us...."

And then the green glow and the cold was gone, and there was no more
time to speak.

"Stand where you are! You have only to move to--_Madame Blair_!"

The leader of the white-uniformed band had half-succeeded in masking
his initial amazement, but now the surprise on his heavy face was a
naked thing. The others stood as statues to each side of him.

There was an awful moment of silence, and the weapon-muzzles held
steady, even if the dozen hands that gripped them were momentarily
incapable of flexing trigger-fingers.

And then the Senior Quadrate had found his full voice.

"There has of course been some error. S-men do not enter the home of a
Senior Quadrate--"

And Lisa's voice cut across her husband's.

"They--Douglas, these aren't--aren't S-men! I recognize him--the
leader! Mylor Kuun...."

"Of course, Madame," the heavy-faced one said rapidly. "The
disguises--a desperate necessity, I assure you. There is very little
time, however. Once informed of your escape from the hospital, and of
the Senior Quadrate's violation of arrest, it was necessary to act at
once to find you. Genuine S-squads cannot be much behind us. We're but
one of a number of our groups in the search, and we came to your home
only so no possibility might be overlooked. Yet I don't understand--"
For a moment a look of puzzled doubt flickered on the underground
leader's heavy features. His nervous gaze touched the strange array of
forbidden equipment which but moments before had been bathed in the
green-blue glow.

"There will be time for explanations later!" Lisa said. She caught
herself as she was about to add that what the agent was saying made
little sense.

She put a protective arm around each of her still, frightened children.
There must be great trouble or the group would not have so brazenly
exposed itself, and come here to her home. Something desperate enough
so that added confusion might serve only to make a dangerous situation
an impossible one.

"But I don't--you said violation of arrest," her husband was saying
stubbornly. "I demand a thorough--"

"Your lives are in danger, sir. If we do not move immediately, it
will very probably be not at all. Gundar Tayne is relentless, and is
reported enroute from Venus to join this search himself."

"Tayne!" Blair's face blanched, then reddened. "The Taynes, you mean!
Gundar and Larsen, with Larsen behind it--"

"Sir? You're being tracked down for--they say, for murdering Larsen.
Please follow us sir, Madame...." The look of puzzled bewilderment
deepened on the underground leader's face as he motioned his men in
screening flanks surrounding the four. One of the men handed him a
white bundle from a compact equipment-pack on his back.

"You had better get these on. We would say we have captured your boys--"

       *       *       *       *       *

They were S-Council uniforms, and the Quadrate and his wife donned
them quickly; Blair doing so more in hesitant imitation of Lisa's
frantic haste than from the desperation of a situation which he only
half-understood.

_Murdered_ Larsen Tayne? Then ... yes of course. The other Blair. But
why should the other Blair hate Tayne so? He was of a different Earth,
of course.... He would think like those of his own world. He would hate
all this world stood for. Hate Tayne for his overbearing, brutish use
of authority--criminal cleverness at deception.

Suddenly, he knew the confusion of panic for the first time in his
life. Suddenly, his mind was a boiling thing, and all the brilliant
solutions that had been forming in it with split-second rapidity were
inexplainably invalid, wrong....

And then they were at a half-run, leaving the house, heading for
a 'copter painted with the S-Council insigne, counterfeit serial
code-numbers beneath it.

In moments, the craft was airborne, and Washington was falling away
below them, fading away behind. And now any small thing--an incorrectly
acknowledged radio challenge--would undo them, the Quadrate realized,
but that was only a part of this terrible gamble they were taking.
Gamble, on their very lives, yes--only why? Why?

Slowly, bit by bit, the thing pieced itself together as they flew. A
great forest stretched ten miles beneath them, faded, wilted at last
into desert as the first shadows of a day dying crept silently upward
to engulf them.

In low tones, he and Lisa talked with the heavy-faced leader, and they
talked for a long time.

"If it were not for the boys--" Blair murmured finally.

"The boys will be safe with us," Lisa answered. She looked at them, and
they were sleeping, hardly looking the part now of young warriors of
broadsword and mace. "We will teach them a different way...."

He was silent for long moments. Then: "I cannot understand. I cannot,
Lisa. That I have always believed as I have--and he, as we know he did.
Yet that we should both have mortal hatred for the same men; he to the
point of doing what I did not have courage to do. And now, regardless
of what I believe, my own kind are hunting me down."

"They would have, had you had the courage of which you speak--the
courage of that conviction. And was it, Douglas, simply a conviction
about a single man?"

"I--I don't know." He looked through a port; it was night, and they
were speeding silently westward. Then he was looking back to her, and
deep into her eyes. He had never felt lost, alone, hunted before. There
was something very wrong.

"With us, Douglas ... will you try? To understand--with us?"

"Not because I am hunted."

"No. No. But now is the time for that wanting courage. Another man,
too, hated a Tayne, and killed him. Can you help us kill the things
that all Taynes stood for? In our way?"

Great mountains were looming before them, and the 'copter was
beginning to lower into their darkened maw. And suddenly he felt a new
strength in him from depths of his being that were opening to him for
the first time. _Another man had killed Tayne. And could he--_

"But what of the other man?" he suddenly heard himself asking. "What
have I done to him? What have I done to _his_ world?"

"He must be a man of great courage." Lisa answered slowly. "I think--I
think such a man will find a way to undo what you have done. For such a
man, and for such others as he, there is always great hope."

"You will help me, Lisa."

"All of us, Douglas."

"Then that is all _I_ shall need," he said softly.

The 'copter vanished into the mountains.

       *       *       *       *       *

Terry and Mike came running from Doug's den, a welter of books open on
the floor behind them which they had not opened.

Dot was coming from her bedroom. A pistol Doug owned had been in her
hand, and she put it in its place in the open drawer from which she had
taken it.

"Dot! Kids--the living-room, I'm in the living-room! Dot!"

In a moment they were around him, and they were the Dot and the Mike
and the Terry whose faces had been so familiar so long ago.

"I must've--he--I must've been reading this final--look, Dot, my God
look--"

She saw the Page One streamer.

"Then he was--he was trying, here, he was trying, Doug.... That was
why. When I arrived, I had a pistol in my hand...."

The headline read BLAIR BILL GOES TO HOUSE TOMORROW. And in the
three-column drop beneath it: _Unanimous Passage Seen--Senate Reported
Favorable--President Says He'll Sign Immediately--Draft Of 13's Would
Begin Nov. 15--Soviet Terms Measure 'Fantastic.'_

"Doug--"

"He's begun it all right. How, I don't know, unless--And beneath the
centerfold he read CLERGY LAUDS BLAIR BILL AT PARLEY HERE.

"Had them falling for it, had 'em mainlined all the way!" Doug said.

And then he was going swiftly toward the den, almost at a run.

He pulled a battered chair up to the big desk, lifted his telephone
from its cradle almost in a single motion.

Quietly, Dot shut the door behind him. It would be a long time, she
knew, before it would open again.




                             CHAPTER XXII


The night was quiet, and the air was warm and still.

The man and the woman walked close together, and with slow, unmeasured
steps, as though the great, slumbering city was a garden, and they were
exploring it for the first time.

They did not speak, for their eyes were wide, engrossed simply in
seeing.

A soldier passed them, then a man who might have been a store-clerk, a
student, a salesman, a clergyman, a scientist.

A young couple approached from the opposite direction, saying quiet
things to each other, perhaps deciding intimate, very important plans
for some near future time.

They passed an all-night drug store, its gaudy light washing the
sidewalk to the curb, limning the wide racks of newspapers and
magazines which told their stories in a dozen languages, on a thousand
themes.

The streets were wide and empty, but they were not lonely, for in them
were the silent echoes of the struggles and victories, big and small,
that had been fought, won and lost in them in a day just dying, just to
be born again in a few short hours.

The man and woman walked for a long time.

And Douglas Blair thought of what would not happen tomorrow.

Not tomorrow or, perhaps with great care and the forgiveness of the
Almighty, not even the day after that.

*** END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK THE TIME ARMADA ***

Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions will
be renamed.

Creating the works from print editions not protected by U.S. copyright
law means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works,
so the Foundation (and you!) can copy and distribute it in the
United States without permission and without paying copyright
royalties. Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part
of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm
concept and trademark. Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark,
and may not be used if you charge for an eBook, except by following
the terms of the trademark license, including paying royalties for use
of the Project Gutenberg trademark. If you do not charge anything for
copies of this eBook, complying with the trademark license is very
easy. You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose such as creation
of derivative works, reports, performances and research. Project
Gutenberg eBooks may be modified and printed and given away--you may
do practically ANYTHING in the United States with eBooks not protected
by U.S. copyright law. Redistribution is subject to the trademark
license, especially commercial redistribution.

START: FULL LICENSE

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full
Project Gutenberg-tm License available with this file or online at
www.gutenberg.org/license.

Section 1. General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works

1.A. By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement. If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or
destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your
possession. If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a
Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound
by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the
person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph
1.E.8.

1.B. "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark. It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement. See
paragraph 1.C below. There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this
agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works. See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C. The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the
Foundation" or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection
of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works. Nearly all the individual
works in the collection are in the public domain in the United
States. If an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the
United States and you are located in the United States, we do not
claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing,
displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as
all references to Project Gutenberg are removed. Of course, we hope
that you will support the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting
free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm
works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the
Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with the work. You can easily
comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the
same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg-tm License when
you share it without charge with others.

1.D. The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work. Copyright laws in most countries are
in a constant state of change. If you are outside the United States,
check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this
agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing,
distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any
other Project Gutenberg-tm work. The Foundation makes no
representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any
country other than the United States.

1.E. Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1. The following sentence, with active links to, or other
immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear
prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work
on which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the
phrase "Project Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed,
performed, viewed, copied or distributed:

  This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
  most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no
  restrictions whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it
  under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this
  eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the
  United States, you will have to check the laws of the country where
  you are located before using this eBook.

1.E.2. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is
derived from texts not protected by U.S. copyright law (does not
contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the
copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in
the United States without paying any fees or charges. If you are
redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply
either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or
obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.3. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any
additional terms imposed by the copyright holder. Additional terms
will be linked to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works
posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the
beginning of this work.

1.E.4. Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.

1.E.5. Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg-tm License.

1.E.6. You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including
any word processing or hypertext form. However, if you provide access
to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format
other than "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official
version posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm website
(www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense
to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means
of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original "Plain
Vanilla ASCII" or other form. Any alternate format must include the
full Project Gutenberg-tm License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7. Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8. You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
provided that:

* You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
  the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
  you already use to calculate your applicable taxes. The fee is owed
  to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has
  agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation. Royalty payments must be paid
  within 60 days following each date on which you prepare (or are
  legally required to prepare) your periodic tax returns. Royalty
  payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in
  Section 4, "Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg
  Literary Archive Foundation."

* You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
  you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
  does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
  License. You must require such a user to return or destroy all
  copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue
  all use of and all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg-tm
  works.

* You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of
  any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
  electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of
  receipt of the work.

* You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
  distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.

1.E.9. If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work or group of works on different terms than
are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing
from the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the manager of
the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark. Contact the Foundation as set
forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1. Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
works not protected by U.S. copyright law in creating the Project
Gutenberg-tm collection. Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may
contain "Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate
or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other
intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or
other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or
cannot be read by your equipment.

1.F.2. LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees. YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3. YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3. LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from. If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium
with your written explanation. The person or entity that provided you
with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in
lieu of a refund. If you received the work electronically, the person
or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second
opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund. If
the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing
without further opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4. Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS', WITH NO
OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5. Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of
damages. If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement
violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the
agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or
limitation permitted by the applicable state law. The invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the
remaining provisions.

1.F.6. INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in
accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the
production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses,
including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of
the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this
or any Project Gutenberg-tm work, (b) alteration, modification, or
additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any
Defect you cause.

Section 2. Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm

Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of
computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers. It
exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations
from people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
remain freely available for generations to come. In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future
generations. To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see
Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation information page at
www.gutenberg.org

Section 3. Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non-profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service. The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541. Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by
U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.

The Foundation's business office is located at 809 North 1500 West,
Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887. Email contact links and up
to date contact information can be found at the Foundation's website
and official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact

Section 4. Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without
widespread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine-readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment. Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States. Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements. We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance. To SEND
DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any particular
state visit www.gutenberg.org/donate

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States. U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg web pages for current donation
methods and addresses. Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations. To
donate, please visit: www.gutenberg.org/donate

Section 5. General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works

Professor Michael S. Hart was the originator of the Project
Gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be
freely shared with anyone. For forty years, he produced and
distributed Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of
volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in
the U.S. unless a copyright notice is included. Thus, we do not
necessarily keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper
edition.

Most people start at our website which has the main PG search
facility: www.gutenberg.org

This website includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.

The Project Gutenberg eBook of Look to the Stars, by Willard Hawkins

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms
of the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at
www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the United States, you
will have to check the laws of the country where you are located before
using this eBook.

Title: Look to the Stars

Author: Willard Hawkins

Release Date: April 13, 2021 [eBook #65075]

Language: English

Character set encoding: UTF-8

Produced by: Greg Weeks, Mary Meehan and the Online Distributed
             Proofreading Team at http://www.pgdp.net

*** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK LOOK TO THE STARS ***




                           LOOK TO THE STARS

                          By Willard Hawkins

             The sky is filled with lonely stones--planets
          waiting for the first breath of life to warm them.
          N'urth was such a world--and the Gods smiled on it.

           [Transcriber's Note: This etext was produced from
              Imagination Stories of Science and Fantasy
                             October 1950
         Extensive research did not uncover any evidence that
         the U.S. copyright on this publication was renewed.]


_"Tell me, my queen mother, the story of the gods."_

_"Do you never tire, son, of those ancient legends? But no--let this
not seem a reproof. It is well that a prince of the royal line should
ponder much on those mighty ones, who came from the sun, where dwells
El-Leighi, the source of all, to create a fair world--the world in
which some day you will reign. Shall I speak, then, of Solin-Ga-Ling,
patron of husbandry and Lord of the North, or would you hear of the
gentle Maha-Bar-Astro, sweet goddess who fashions the dreams of
childhood? Or would you know of the mysterious Noor-Ah-Mah, who died
twice, lived thrice, and was both male and female by turns?"_

_"Tell me of them all; but first, mother, who was the mightiest of the
gods?"_

_"Hush, child! Among beings so exalted it would be presumptuous for
mortals to regard one above the other. But know this--for it concerns
you and your pride of race: Splendid legends relate to the strength
and virtues of Maha-Ra-Lin, Lord of the South, sometimes called the
Life-giver. For it was he who created Noor-Ah-Mah from a rock by the
sea, and breathed his own life into her nostrils."_

_"But, mother, was he not defeated in battle?"_

_"It was a battle beyond our understanding--of forces that we cannot
comprehend, and for a purpose beyond our knowledge--though it is said
that in some manner the strife arose over the sex to be awarded the
newly created Noor-Ah-Mah. Maha-Ra-Lin would have endowed the partly
formed being with the attributes of a god, but Bar-Doo-Chan, Lord of
the West, contended for a goddess. In their mighty clash of wills, the
heavens were rent with lightning, the seas were churned, mountains were
heaved by the all-powerful ones across the land. Legend has it that a
single moon shone from the heavens before that event, but a lightning
bolt hurled by Maha-Ra-Lin at his antagonist failed of its mark. It
smote the moon by chance, splitting the heavenly body in twain, so that
two moons now circle the continents of N'urth."_

_"Then Bar-Doo-Chan, who defeated Maha-Ra-Lin, was the mightiest."_

_"Nay, that you must not say. True, at the end of three days
Maha-Ra-Lin acknowledged himself defeated. Yet it is written that
he nobly abandoned the fray out of pity for the helpless creatures
of N'urth, and for the newly created Noor-Ah-Mah, knowing that if
the battle continued they would all be destroyed. And so Noor-Ah-Mah
became a goddess, and in that aspect she is depicted by our sculptors
as a mighty huntress, running with upraised spear cheek-by-cheek with
Bar-Doo-Chan. But Maha-Ra-Lin, the Life-giver, could not wholly undo
his original design, so that at times she reverted to the form of a
male. That is why, in ancient carvings, we sometimes find Noor-Ah-Mah
pictured as a god, carrying lightnings of destruction in his clenched
hand."_

_"Then, after all, Maha-Ra-Lin was the greatest?"_

_"He was a mighty being, son. Yet how can any be considered greater
than Pi-Ruh-Al, to whom even the other gods and goddesses turned for
counsel? Pi-Ruh-Al, the great mother, goddess of beauty, of wisdom,
creator of mortal life...."_




                               CHAPTER I


The rain settled into a steady downpour. Drenched to the marrow, Dave
Marlin struggled on through the darkness and mire. At times he stumbled
away from the wagon trail and floundered through sodden verdure that
tangled his feet, clutched with slimy tendrils at his clothing, or
lashed his face. Occasionally he stopped to curse the road, the
darkness, the storm; again to heap maledictions on the truck driver who
had dumped him off on this byway to nowhere.

He should have kept to the paved highway. A light blinking through the
rain, seemingly not far up the mountainside, had lured his feet. It had
long since been lost to view, yet he struggled on. The trail surely
must lead somewhere, even if only to a deserted sawmill or mine shaft.

His feet slipped and he went down cursing. As he struggled out of the
puddle, gouging grit and slime from eyes and nostrils, he became aware
of a deeper black looming ahead.

It was the rear of an old-style open roadster. Through the swish of
waters his ears caught the sound of hammering on metal.

Feeling his way along the side, he came to a man who was muttering to
himself with bitter emphasis while doing things to the engine under the
upraised hood.

"Trouble, buddie?" demanded Marlin.

The other jerked up his head so suddenly that it struck the hood. He
snarled an epithet; then: "Who the devil?"

"Just a wayfarer," Marlin answered. "Just a wayfarer, buddie, out for
a stroll on this beautiful moonlit evening."

"Lay off the comedy!" snarled the other, again diving under the hood.
"And get goin' if you can't help."

"Why don't you turn on the lights?"

"Because she ain't got no lights--that's why."

"Battery dead?" asked Marlin. Receiving no answer, he edged back to the
instrument panel. As he started searching beneath it for possible ends
of disconnected wires, he became aware of a squirming movement under
the hand which rested on the seat.

"Take your paws off me, you slimy fish!" came a tense feminine voice.
When he made no move to comply, the figure which had been slumped down
in the seat became a sudden bundle of fury.

"Easy, sister!" he protested, deftly capturing the small hands in his
muscular grasp. "No use getting excite--" He paused. "What's this? Iron
bracelets?"

The other man sloshed toward him threateningly. "Get out of what ain't
none of your business!" he snapped. "You was headin' up the road. Just
keep goin'--and you'll stay outa trouble."

Marlin felt the slender wrists grow tense within his grasp. The short
length of chain connecting the handcuffs tinkled.

"Sorry, bo," he said softly. "The lady's jewelry intrigues me."

A hard object pressed sharply into his side. "Scram!"

       *       *       *       *       *

With panther-like quickness, Marlin twisted. The gun barked as his arm
knocked it away. Then the two were down in the sodden grass, flailing
and squirming for advantage.

Either because he was the stronger or because luck favored him in the
slippery rough-and-tumble, Marlin arose with the automatic in his
possession.

"This," he commented, "is better. I've never been good at taking
orders." He considered a moment. "If the car won't start, it won't.
That leaves two courses open to us. We can sit and wait till some one
comes along--which isn't likely--or we can hoof it until we come to
something better. I saw a light up beyond."

"I'm tired of sitting in the car," the girl put in. "Anything's better
than freezing here."

"Maybe you don't know, smart guy," her companion growled, "that you're
tangling with the law." He tapped his chest.

"Detective--eh?"

"Yeah," the girl cut in, "and don't forget to tell him about your phony
stunt--kidnaping me across the state line without extradition papers."

Marlin studied them for a moment. He had no desire to run up against
the law. But if this officer was out of his jurisdiction--

"I get it," he said. "You're pulling something shady--that's why you
tried to make it on this back trail. All right, brother--take off the
jewelry."

Grudgingly, the detective removed the handcuffs.

"Try any funny stuff," he observed, "and it'll go hard with the both
of you. This is Sally Camino," he informed Marlin. "Wanted for workin'
a con game. I can turn her over to the authorities here if I have to.
Won't be no trouble to get extradition papers. I'm just tryin' to save
the state money."

"What's your name?" demanded Marlin.

"Len McGruder. What you so nosey for?"

"Just getting acquainted. Mine's Dave Marlin. Come on, Sal. Any
baggage?"

"This jerk wouldn't even give me a chance to pack a toothbrush," she
returned vindictively.

Fortunately, she was dressed in slacks. After a futile attempt to
negotiate the mud in her high-heeled shoes, she left them sticking in
the ooze.

"I'll take it bare-footed," she observed philosophically.

Less from chivalry than curiosity, Marlin helped her when she stumbled
and assisted her over the deeper puddles. He decided, in the process,
that she was firm-fleshed and well-formed. After the first few yards
she refused his help.

"Keep your muddy paws off of me!" she snapped. "You too!" as McGruder
attempted to thrust his bulk between them.

They plodded on through the mud and drizzle. The road climbed upward
at an agonizing grade. Marlin no longer cursed. In the presence of
companions in misery, he became tauntingly ironical. It was they who
were buffeted and tormented--he was the strong man, unaffected by the
elements, able to "take it."

"We shoulda stayed in the car," growled McGruder.

"Only room for two of us," returned Marlin. "Want to go back with me,
Sal?"

"Not if I know what I'm doing!" the girl snapped, brushing a lock of
wet hair out of her eyes.

Topping a steep rise, they came unexpectedly upon the shelter.




                              CHAPTER II


A light gleamed feebly through a small window. Closer approach revealed
that it was set in a wall which formed the front of a dwelling partly
extending back into the cliff.

They pressed their faces against the dripping pane. Beside a fireplace
in which a few dying embers glowed faintly, a robust man with a flowing
beard was nodding over a book. A kerosene lamp flickered on the table
beside him.

They felt along the wall for a door and rapped. After a moment, it
opened. The beard was thrust forward and the man behind it stood
regarding them from beneath bushy eyebrows.

"We're lost," began Marlin. "What's the chance--?"

"Eh?" the bearded man craned his neck, peering beyond them. "So you're
the ones we've been waiting for. Where's the other?"

"There's only the three of us."

With a slightly puzzled manner, he allowed them to enter. Marlin
crossed to the fireplace. "Mind if I build this up?"

Not waiting for a reply, he heaped on chunks of pine log from the
half-filled woodbox and soon had a rousing fire. McGruder and the girl
knelt gratefully in front of the blaze--the girl shivering. Not bad,
Marlin decided, at his first sidelong glimpse of her face--or wouldn't
be, when her wet hair was fixed up. Then he growled at himself and
abruptly turned away.

Their host stood with folded arms, surveying the mud-smeared trio with
evident distaste. Experiencing a vague sense of alien presences, Marlin
suddenly whirled, his hand clutching at the pocket in which McGruder's
automatic reposed.

A door, apparently leading to the interior of the mountain, was partly
open. Peering from the narrow aperture were three curiously repellent
faces and one of singular beauty.

Sally and the detective, crouching before the fire, turned at his
smothered exclamation. The three faced the barrage of eyes in silence
until the bearded man gestured peremptorily.

"Shut the door," he ordered.

"Come in if you must."

As they trooped into the room, Marlin caught a glimpse of a dark
passageway. The unmistakable earthy smell of a mine shaft or tunnel
reached his nostrils.

They were a nondescript group. At first glance, three of the newcomers
had appeared to be men. Marlin saw now that one was a woman. She had a
bulbous nose, bleary red eyes, and a scar that twisted one corner of
her mouth into the semblance of a grin. Her gaunt figure was swathed in
a dingy robe.

One of the men was powerful and well-knit--he looked to be a match for
Marlin himself. The other was wizened and under-sized, with a shrewd,
weasel face. Strands of greasy hair overhung his eyes, forcing him to
cock his head like a poodle in order to see. Both men had made shift
to pull their trousers over their underwear before putting in an
appearance.

In contrast to these was the fourth--a girl of perhaps eighteen with a
sweetly innocent face framed in a shimmering halo of golden hair. In
her long white robe she was a vision of ethereal loveliness. The eyes
of Marlin and McGruder instinctively fastened upon her.

       *       *       *       *       *

The woman with the twisted grin cackled. "Look your fill, smarties, for
that's all you'll get. Pearl ain't for the likes of you, so don't get
ideas."

The weasel-faced man sidled forward, extending a clammy hand. "Wukkum
to our dump," he said ingratiatingly. "Meet the gang. My name's
Link--Percival B. Link for the blotter, Slinky Link to my frien's." He
jerked a thumb toward the woman. "Maw Barstow. This overgrown hunk of
meat is Bart DuChane, alias Chaney the Great. Just finished doing a
stretch for manslaughter. Oughta stuck to his crystal gazing."

The eyes of the man thus introduced glittered venomously, but his lips
forced a smile. He spoke in a controlled voice.

"I might suggest that people who discuss others too freely sometimes
meet with accidents."

Marlin studied him with a sense of taking the measure of an adversary.
"My name is Dave Marlin," he acknowledged.

"Who's your frien's?" demanded Link.

The detective replied, nodding toward the girl who had worn the
handcuffs. "Sally Camino--slickest floozie in the con-game racket. My
name's McGruder. D. A.'s office," he added significantly.

Link peered through his thatch of hair. "McGruder," he said
reflectively. "Ain't you the Len McGruder that was kicked off the force
in Columbus for hijacking? Sure! I know you!"

Marlin swung on the detective. "You're no law officer," he said. "Let's
see that badge."

"Keep your hands offa me!" the detective snarled, clutching his coat.

Sally Camino faced him in sudden fury. "You rat!" she spat at him.
"You're an even bigger phony than I guessed. Taking me across the state
line so's you could put the screws on the gang. Well, let me tell you,
fake copper, when Briscoe hears of this--"

"You one of the Briscoe mob?" demanded Link. "Why I was practic'ly
lined up with Briscoe--before I got sent up the last time. It's a small
world, ain't it?"

The girl glanced at him with repugnance. "Yeah? That just about makes
us pals, don't it?"

The irony was wasted. "Sure does," he grinned.

"How about her?" McGruder indicated the golden-haired girl.

"That's Pearl," explained Link. "She ain't all there."

"A lot you know about it!" retorted Maw Barstow. "Pearlie's brighter
than you think. Is these the ones that was comin', dearie?" she
demanded.

The girl's lips parted in a beatific smile.

"Has vishuns," explained Link. He tapped his forehead to indicate a
mysterious form of mental activity. "The old guy--he's nuts too."

This confidence was imparted in a lowered voice, but hardly low enough
to avoid being overheard.

"Who is he?" demanded McGruder.

"The name," responded the vibrant voice of the bearded man, "is Elias
Thornboldt. And your informant is perfectly correct when he assures you
that I am crazy."

The newcomers stared.

"What of it!" Thornboldt demanded, his voice rising in pitch. "I have
brains, even if they are addled. I have respectability. I should
associate with scientists--decent citizens--instead of scum. Thieves,
murderers, pickpockets, harlots--you are not nice people, not any of
you!"

He glared at the group as if challenging denial.

"With my brains," he went on, breathing heavily, "I should create a
wonderful space ship--instead of a monstrosity that was never intended
on heaven or earth. Fortunately, I know I am mad. The rest of you do
not know what vermin you are!"

Marlin felt a hand plucking at his sleeve. He glanced down to meet the
eyes of Link peering through strands of dank hair.

"We better ooze out," the creature said. "When the old gink gets
started like that he'll keep it up all night."

The passage, as Marlin had surmised, was a tunnel through the rock.
Bart DuChane led the way with a flashlight. A narrow plank walk marked
its length for something like a hundred feet. They emerged on what
seemed to be a ledge of the open mountainside. The rain was still
pouring, but an outcropping overhead partly protected the ledge. Across
the way, a rim of tall pines could be discerned against the murky sky.

"It's the hollow of an ancient crater," DuChane volunteered. "That
dark mass in the pit below--but why spoil your anticipation? Tomorrow
you'll see for yourselves." He laughed unpleasantly. "These are the
bunkhouses--ladies to the left, men to the right. Maw is a stickler for
the proprieties."

They entered a narrow shack--apparently one of several along the ledge.
There were two lower and two upper bunks. Since the lower had been
appropriated by DuChane and Link, the late comers climbed into the
upper tier.

"Looks almost as if they was expecting us--or somebody," commented
McGruder. "The old goof sorta hinted--"

"They were," chuckled DuChane. "You'd be surprised."




                              CHAPTER III


Dave Marlin stood on the ledge in the chill air of early morning,
looking into the sodden depths below. The rain had ceased, but the rays
of the newly risen sun as yet had scarcely found their way into the
crater.

He turned, shivering, as DuChane sauntered toward him. "What's that
thing down below?"

"What does it look like?"

"Like a huge ball of clay. But the scaffolding and building
equipment--these bunkhouses--indicate human handiwork. The old duffer
said something about a space ship. This couldn't be--"

"There's little enough I can tell you," responded DuChane. "I've been
here less than a week. Slinky and I lost our bearings in a storm. It's
a good hideout--and we're seemingly expected to stick around. The
dipsomaniac and her queer companion have been here longer. She used to
cook for the construction crew.

"Whatever that thing is--" he indicated the huge mud-colored ball in
the pit below--"was practically in that condition when we arrived. The
self-styled scientist, Thornboldt, seems to have started out with the
idea of pioneering in space travel. My information comes chiefly from
an article in a scientific magazine that I ran across in his shack,
denouncing him as a charlatan. Near as I can gather, he evolved certain
theories about nullifying gravity by atomic polarization--if that means
anything to you. Claimed to do it by creating violent stresses within
a magnetic field. The attacking author--some scientific duck by the
name of Lamberton--acknowledged that there was a mathematical basis for
Eli's conception, but pointed out that inconceivable power would be
required to demonstrate the theory. Do I bore you?"

Marlin started. "Far from it." Then: "You're an educated man," he
commented irrelevantly.

Bart DuChane threw back his head and laughed, the sound echoing from
the opposite cliffs.

"Same to you," he retorted. "I recognized the Harvard accent. Like
old Eli, it is a shame that we should be associating with scum--except
that--as he so charmingly puts it--we are scum ourselves." He paused,
then, lowering his voice: "Slinky didn't exaggerate. I have engaged in
many shady pursuits, not the least of which is bilking the credulous by
the ancient and phony art of crystal gazing. The manslaughter rap was
the result of a tavern brawl. I have a weakness for low company."

His frankness was a pointed invitation for similar confidences.
Marlin hesitated, then, with a shrug: "Not much of interest to tell
about myself. My degree isn't from Harvard--nevertheless, it is from
a university of good standing. It just happens that there are more
openings for a bruiser than a scholar. I wasn't doing so badly in
professional football, filling in with wrestling exhibitions and some
boxing. Then I fell for a dame--fell hard. A guy without money was mud
to her--so I had to get money. Hooked up with a smuggling mob, trucking
the stuff over the border. Eventually we had a run-in with revenue
officers, and a couple of them were so unfortunate as to stop lead. I
got a minimum sentence, but it was plenty long."

"When you got out, naturally, the dame hadn't bothered to wait."

Marlin made no attempt to answer. DuChane nodded.

"It bears out old Goofus. We are not nice people. I wonder what the
eighth will be like."

"The eighth?"

"There's to be another, according to legend. You saw the girl, Pearl.
It seems she has prophetic spells. According to predictions which Maw
claims the girl dropped, eight of us are due to show up, in addition to
Eli--four male, four female. What is to happen then is rather vague,
but Maw drops dark hints about a mysterious journey. She and Pearl were
here first; then came Link and I. Thus you and your friends were more
or less expected."

"Surely," expostulated Marlin, "you don't believe--"

"Believe? Without proof, I neither believe nor disbelieve. It's
as bigoted to do one as the other. However, we need only one more
arrival--female, of course--to complete the prophecy. I hope she turns
out to be a good-looker--though I'll admit your friend Sal isn't bad."

Marlin turned away, somehow annoyed.

"Is there such a custom around here as breakfast?"

DuChane sniffed the air. "Maw Barstow seems to have anticipated your
question. The eating shack is beyond the bunkhouses."

       *       *       *       *       *

The fare produced was abundant if not choice. The whole group evinced
hearty appetites, even Pearl, who, despite a soiled ill-fitting
gown, seemed scarcely less lovely than she had under the flickering
lamplight. She smiled amiably but spoke not at all.

While eating, Marlin let his eyes rove speculatively over the group.

The waif who had crouched beside him, shivering and disheveled, over
the fire last night now looked somewhat more the part of an underworld
moll. Sally had made an attempt to do her hair, but the dab of color
applied to her lips accentuated the wary hardness of her expression.

Len McGruder, bull-necked, furtive-eyed, loose-lipped, inspired in
Marlin a deep antipathy. "A man who would sell his best friend down the
river," was his mental summation.

Maw Barstow, referred to by DuChane as a dipsomaniac, was probably
not as old as she looked. Her unsavory appearance seemed due more
to disfigurement than to disposition. A rather sentimental but
plain-spoken person, she was unquestionably devoted to Pearl.

Slinky Link, with his ingratiating yet repellent manner, was a
parasitic type of petty criminal--not particularly dangerous--not
particularly anything.

DuChane, as Marlin sensed him, was a man at war with himself. "In a
way," reflected Marlin, "He's too much like me."

The thought occurred that if he were looking at himself through other
eyes, he would not be more favorably impressed than by the others.
"I'd see a poker-faced lug with a cauliflower ear and the body of
a stevedore," he reflected. "It'd be pretty hard to guess that a
hard-looking egg like me ever dabbled in science and still has a yen
to find out what fascinating stuff is hidden in the covers of every
book--even if that book is only a human face."

It was difficult to account for the oldster, Elias Thornboldt. Danish,
Marlin judged him to be. Apparently he was providing food and shelter
for the gathering, much as he despised them all. He sat at the head of
the table, coldly aloof, consuming food in enormous mouthfuls.

When his appetite was appeased, Thornboldt stalked from the cookshack,
wiping his mouth with the back of his hand. A few moments later, Marlin
found him standing on the ledge, moodily staring down at the huge ball
of clay.

"Still it moves!" he muttered. "It moves and rolls and grows."

"What moves?" demanded Marlin sharply. "That thing down there? And what
is it?"

The older man turned as if to speak. But he only glared at the group
surrounding him and abruptly walked away.

"It's a fact," DuChane commented. "If you watch patiently you can see
it. The ball seems to be resting in a bed of ooze--a sort of tarry
substance. As the sun rises, it softens under the heat, and when the
heat is withdrawn, it hardens. The alternate expansion and contraction
seems to impart a rotation to the ball. It's more than a hundred feet
across, yet in the time I've been here, I'll swear it's turned half
way over. And that isn't all. Care to take a trip down?"

Presently they stood on a precarious scaffolding close to the huge
sphere. The bed of ooze could be discerned engulfing its base. Already,
under the heat of the sun, a steaming effluvium was rising from the
surface. The outside of the ball was caked with a grayish crust of the
stuff.

"Feel it," urged DuChane. "Hard?"

"Yes, it's hard," admitted Marlin. "Like stone."

"Now look." DuChane caught up a crowbar and drove it into the bulging
wall. It pierced the crust and sank a short distance into the interior.

"Push on it," he directed.

       *       *       *       *       *

Marlin tested the resistance to the bar. Under pressure it sank deeper.
He could even twist it slowly.

"Seems kind of--rubbery--inside," he commented.

"Pull it out."

He did so. Immediately the hole filled with a flowing exudation similar
to the ooze below him. It spread over the edges and began to harden.

"Acts like the stuff they used to put in bicycle tires to make them
puncture-proof," commented Marlin. "Is it solid clear through?"

DuChane stared. He was breathing more heavily than his recent exertion
seemed to warrant.

"I forgot you don't know. This is Thornboldt's space ship. Or was. He
built it in the form of a metal sphere, girded and braced inside, all
equipped with dynamos and machinery. Had a big crew of workmen. When
it was just about finished--even provisioned--his backers decided that
the whole thing was crazy and shut off his money supply. Articles like
that one by Lamberton finished them. To cap the climax, the thing broke
through its scaffold and sank into this pit."

"Funny place to build in the first place."

"His idea was to keep the construction a secret from the general
public. This crater-like depression, with its only entrance through
the old mine tunnel, was far enough out of the way to accomplish the
purpose, even though it must have enormously increased the cost of
assembling materials. Anyway, after it fell into the pit, the creeping
rotation commenced and the shell has gradually taken on this coating
of lava--or whatever the stuff is. It's at least four feet thick by
this time. Somewhere inside is an entrance port, but there's no way of
locating it. The whole thing is so incomprehensible that it's driven
him crazy. At least he thinks it has."

"You think otherwise?"

DuChane glanced at his companion. "Possibly his theories are
ridiculous, but no one can deny that the ball actually moves and is
coating itself with a thick layer of this lava-like stuff. It's just
one of those accidental freaks of nature."

Marlin brushed at a swarm of insects and leaned over to follow the
flight of a bird into the depths below.

"Two to one it never comes up," DuChane offered. "The stuff is like
flypaper. The smell seems to have a fatal attraction for birds and
small animals--chipmunks and the like. Or perhaps they're drawn by the
seeds that blow in and stick to the surface. Sometimes they escape,
but if the consistency is right, it sucks them in, like quicksand. Maw
Barstow claims she lost a flock of chicks that way. And if you can
believe her, several dogs, and a cat or two, have been trapped by the
ooze during her time. There's even a story about some calves and sheep
that wandered over the ledge and never could be located, the inference
being...."

They were interrupted by the arrival of Thornboldt, followed
reluctantly by Link and McGruder. He was carrying pick and shovel and
seemed unexpectedly imbued with energy.

"Get tools," he commanded tersely. "You can't stand around here like
drones. I have valuable equipment in there. It must be saved."

He attacked the shell with furious strokes of the pick. After a moment,
Marlin joined his efforts with the crowbar.

There was no room for the others to participate, even if they had felt
inclined to help. They stood watching curiously as Marlin and Eli
broke through the crust. This was the easiest part of the undertaking.
From a depth of two or three inches below the surface, the substance
was a sticky, rubbery mass, which inexorably flowed back to fill the
gap made by each blow of pick or crowbar.

"You ain't gettin' nowhere," volunteered Link, peering through his hair.

Eli paused long enough to glare at him. "What would you suggest?" he
demanded, then scathingly added, "Loafer!"

"If you had something you could push through. A pipe--or--or something."

The scientist dropped his pick.

"Is it out of the mouths of fools and nit-wits I must get ideas!" he
exploded. "Come!"

The rest following, he picked his way over scaffolding, rocks, and
heaps of construction material. He stopped, frowningly studying a
section of drain pipe some two feet across and five feet long.

"We will try this," he decided.




                              CHAPTER IV


They managed to get the cylinder up on the scaffolding and to insert
one end in the opening gouged in the outer shell. Slow but steady
progress toward penetrating the gummy mass was achieved by imparting a
rotary motion to the pipe section. By mid-morning, Marlin had rigged up
a crude leverage device of timbers, on the principle of a pipe wrench,
which expedited the process of screwing the cylinder into the interior.

From time to time it was necessary to shovel out the accumulation of
ooze. DuChane called Marlin's attention to a dead field mouse in one of
the shovel loads.

"No calves?" queried Marlin.

"Not yet, but you can't tell."

By nightfall they had made definite progress. The pipe was buried at
least two feet in the sphere. Tired and not a little out of sorts, they
returned to the cookshack. "Me, I'm through," growled McGruder. "I'm
hittin' the trail first thing tomorrow--and what's more, sis, you're
comin' with me," he stared at Sally.

"That's what you think!" she responded disdainfully.

But a plentiful breakfast, or perhaps curiosity, altered the
detective's plans. When operations were resumed, he showed up tardily
to take a hand.

By mid-afternoon, they had succeeded in screwing the pipe some four and
a half feet into the interior, when an obstacle was encountered.

Marlin straightened his weary back. "Dig the stuff out," he instructed.
"We've struck the shell--I hope."

When the message was relayed to Eli that the shell had been reached, he
came plunging through the tunnel.

"Do nothing till I come!" he shouted from the ledge above. With utter
disregard for safety, he hurtled down the slope and drew up panting on
the platform.

"We will cut through," he announced. "It needs a small man." He looked
at Link appraisingly. "Can you handle a blowtorch?"

When the slinky one was safely at work under Marlin's direction, Eli
impatiently herded the others away.

"You are doing no good here. Come--help with the things I must take."

The group eyed him with astonishment.

"Take where?" demanded DuChane. "You don't expect this contraption
actually to fly?"

"What I think is my own affair!" Thornboldt's beard trembled with
the vehemence of his indignation. "Who are you to question my
intentions--you who cannot even comprehend my scientific principles!"

With raised eyebrows, DuChane glanced at Marlin. Then, accompanied by
McGruder, he followed the scientist up the winding trail while Link
continued his blowtorch operations. Whatever the inventor's intentions
might be, Marlin felt an insatiable curiosity to view the interior of
the incredible sphere.

"Got her!" presently came the muffled announcement from the depths of
the pipe. Link wriggled out, holding the blowtorch gingerly at arm's
length.

"Melted away like butter," was the little man's comment. "Now a safe I
cut into oncet--"

Marlin lost the rest by starting up the hill to lend Sally Camino a
hand with a heavy chest she was carrying.

"He's got us all working," she observed, as Marlin took the burden.
"We've been packing stuff all morning." Absently she dislodged a pebble
from between her bare toes. "What's he going to do, bury himself in
that thing?"

"You've got me." Marlin shrugged.

By the time he had deposited the chest on the platform, McGruder and
DuChane appeared, carrying a long packing case between them. Maw
Barstow followed, also burdened, and after her Eli himself. Smiling
serenely, but empty-handed, Pearl brought up the rear.

"I must be the first inside," insisted Eli. "Bring the other boxes."

They did not depart until the scientist, heaving and puffing, and by
dint of wholehearted shoving on the part of those outside, had managed
to squeeze his bulk through the pipe. They heard the sound of rending
fabric, accompanied by agonized imprecations, as he worked his way over
the jagged metal edges. Then followed a heavy "plop."

"Are you hurt?" Marlin called.

"Naturally I am hurt! I am killed!" came the dark response. "But no
matter. Pass me those boxes."

At Marlin's suggestion, Link first crawled through with the blowtorch
and trimmed away the jagged metal. Then the boxes were pushed through
and they returned for more.

Marlin glanced curiously around Thornboldt's recent living quarters.
The shack was nearly stripped. Books, apparatus, provisions,
bedding--everything except the larger pieces of furniture--had been
packed.

"The old rascal is nuts, all right," was Marlin's comment to Sally. The
others had departed with their loads. "Think we've got all he wants?"

Before she could answer, a staccato volley of shots interrupted. The
sounds appeared to come from the slope below.




                               CHAPTER V


Both hurried to the single window. Where the wagon trail skirted the
base of the rocky hillside, a half dozen crouching figures came into
view. Armed with rifles and pistols, they were creeping cautiously up
the incline.

A single shot from above caused some of the group to drop flat. Others
dodged into the brush. There was a movement among the lengthening
shadows at the left.

"What goes on!" demanded Sally. "Gang war?"

"They're not shooting at each other," Marlin asserted, after watching
the cautious maneuvers of the two groups. "Looks as if they were
closing in on some one. Sheriff's posse, I guess."

Another shot directed their eyes to the rock behind which the fugitive
or fugitives must be hiding.

From its concealment, a figure edged into view. There appeared to be
only one.

"Poor devil--sure is done for," commented Marlin. "Must be public enemy
number one, to judge by the number in the posse. Look! There he goes!"

Crouching close to the ground, the overalled figure dodged from cover
to cover, each fleeting appearance bringing a fusillade of shots from
the converging squads. He replied with a couple of bursts from his own
weapon, then fell on his stomach behind a rock and commenced reloading.

Perhaps it was because their experience had prejudiced them against all
forces of law; perhaps it was merely sympathy with the underdog, that
impelled Sally and Marlin to pull mentally for the fugitive.

"That's no protection!" breathed Sally. "They'll have him between a
crossfire. Why doesn't he make a dash for it?"

"Where'll he dash?" queried Marlin.

For answer, Sally opened the door a crack and called sharply, "Here!"

The outlaw glanced desperately over his shoulder, then, crouching and
dodging, he made a zig-zag retreat up the hill. A rattle of shots
accompanied this daring retreat. It was incredible that such an open
target could escape the murderous bullets coming from all directions.

A final spurt and the fugitive fell sprawling across the threshold.
Marlin dragged him inside as Sally slammed and bolted the door. Blood
spurted from a neck wound and the outlaw clutched at his side, groaning.

"Done for--Thanks!" he gasped. "You better--" The effort at speech
ended in a gasp.

The sound of running boots on the gravel, followed by a peremptory
knock, indicated the arrival of the posse.

"Open up! This is the law!" an imperative voice called.

Sally tugged at the wounded man. "Stall 'em off!" she whispered
tensely. "I'll get him back inside."

With a hopeless gesture, Marlin tried to restrain her. "We'll only get
ourselves in dutch--We can't hope to--"

Her look of scorn checked the protest. Shrugging, he lifted the
desperately wounded man and supported him into the tunnel. Once erect,
the outlaw seemed able to stumble along by leaning heavily on the
bare-footed girl. Marlin closed the door and gave attention to the
increasing demands from out in front.

He unlatched the swinging window.

"What's up?" he demanded.

A stocky figure detached itself from the group of twelve or fifteen
bunched around the door.

"You're obstructing the law! Open that door!"

"Easy now," returned Marlin. "I'm not obstructing any law. I just want
to know what it's all about? Who are you?"

"Sheriff Bates of Grinnell County. You're harboring an outlaw--the
Picaroon Kid."

"Never heard of him. What'd he do?"

"Held up a bank, for one thing," snapped the sheriff. "Wanted for other
jobs and for killing two deputies. You gonna open that door?"

"Sure, I'll open it," Marlin spoke slowly, trying to give Sally time.
"The poor devil's carcass is full of lead--no danger of his getting
away."

       *       *       *       *       *

Withdrawing, Marlin methodically fastened the window, then had an
ostentatiously difficult time manipulating the door lock.

"Cut out that stalling!" called the sheriff furiously. "Are you gonna
open up, or do we smash our way in?"

Marlin opened the door. With an impatient grunt, the sheriff brushed
past him, glaring around uncertainly.

"Where'd you hide him?"

The outlaw's gun lay on the floor where it had been dropped in his
fall, and a trail of blood led across the board floor. The sheriff
snatched up the weapon, then crossed the room in a stride, flinging
open the inner door. He peered down the tunnel.

"Some hideout!" he commented. "We'll look into this. Come on, men."

Marlin moved ahead of them, managing to delay progress by feeling his
way with extreme caution through the dark passage. Eventually, they
emerged on the shelving ledge.

"Where'd he go?" demanded the sheriff, surveying the scene.

"You know as much as I do."

A hasty search of bunkhouses and cook shack was sufficient to show
that they were unoccupied. Two or three of the posse discovered a
continuation of the blood trail, and they followed it to the descent
which led to the sphere. Marlin's anxious eyes caught a glimpse of a
bare foot disappearing in the entrance pipe. No one else was in sight.

"What's that big ball?" demanded the sheriff, staring.

"You've got me."

The blood trail led unmistakably toward the sphere. Soon the sheriff
was peering curiously through the opening.

"The Kid's inside all right. Blood smears all down the pipe. Somebody
climb in after him."

The men looked uncertainly at one another. It would be a simple matter
for any armed person inside to put a bullet through the first head that
showed itself. The sheriff evidently had no relish for the prospect and
did not care to designate any one for the job. He turned to Marlin.

"You go in there," he ordered.

"Tell your buddies they'll save trouble by bein' reasonable. Tell 'em
to pass the Kid out. If they don't we'll toss a few tear gas bombs
inside. You gonna do it?"

"What else can I do?"

With some forcible assistance from behind, Marlin worked his way down
the tube. At the inner edge, hands grasped him by the shoulders and
helped him to land on a floor of some kind.

"You tell 'em what I said!" came the sheriff's voice. "No stalling!"

His eyes unaccustomed to the darkness, Marlin allowed himself to be
guided along some sort of a wooden platform. It slanted at an angle
which made walking difficult. The guiding hands proved to be DuChane's.

"This is a hell of a mess," the latter breathed. "What's to be done?"

"Give up the outlaw. We're trapped in here like rats," Marlin answered.
"If we don't come through, they'll toss in tear bombs. Can any of you
imagine what that would be like in this place?"

"Leave it to that fool Sally!" McGruder said harshly.

The girl turned on him with a spiteful retort as an impatient call
reached them from outside. Marlin raised his voice.

"Give me a chance!" he bellowed.

The words echoed through the hollow interior. "It's dark in here. I've
got to find 'em, haven't I?" He dropped his voice to a whisper. "How's
the wounded jasper?"

"Passed out," DuChane informed him. "I'll lead you to him."

Feeling their way, they emerged in a box-like enclosure partly filled
with tools. Maw Barstow, holding a feeble flashlight, squatted beside
a huddled mass which was evidently the wounded man. Cradling his head
in her lap was Pearl. An accidental shifting of the flashlight beam
revealed her tranquil, madonna-like smile as she gazed down at the
blood-smeared face.

"Sorry," Marlin announced. "We've got to get rid of this bad bozo.
How's he doing?"

"You ain't gonna move the pore critter!" countered Maw fiercely.

Protest was futile. DuChane settled the argument by seizing the
shrieking woman and holding her while Marlin gathered up the
unconscious outlaw and felt his way back toward the opening. He was
nearly thrown from his feet once as the platform--apparently the whole
sphere--gave an unexpected lurch.

"Where's the place?" he demanded, sensing figures in the darkness
surrounding. "I can't see the light."

Sally's laugh reached him shrilly. "And what's more, you won't."

He paused, uncomprehending. Link's squeaky voice brought the
explanation.

"They can't get us now. McGruder and me levered the pipe out with a
board. You oughta see the stuff pour in."

The full enormity of this was slow in penetrating Marlin's mind.

"What's that!" called DuChane, his voice rising in alarm. He came
stumbling toward them in the darkness. "Now isn't that fine! It isn't
enough that we're trapped in here, but we've got to make the trap
foolproof by blocking the only way out!"

Unmindful of the stormy exchange of insults and recriminations that
surged around him, Marlin picked his way back to the tool room and
deposited his groaning charge at Maw Barstow's feet.

"Better dress the wounds," he commented. "Where's Eli?"

"Somewhere down there," Maw replied vaguely. "Pearlie, darlin', help me
get this bloody shirt offen the pore dear."




                              CHAPTER VI


Returning to the others, Marlin found DuChane holding forth in a
profane diatribe which included not only McGruder, Link, and Sally, but
all their antecedents.

"There's nothing to get excited over," Marlin interposed, calmly. "What
difference does it make?"

"Difference?" DuChane roared. "Has it occurred to you that we've no
possible way to get out of here? That ooze must have filled up the
opening solidly by now."

"But the pipe is still projecting from the outside. Our sheriff friend
will probably have gumption enough to force it in, just as we did.
He'll be plenty mad by the time he finishes the job, but as far as I
can see this merely delays our coming-out party for a few hours."

"And makes it tougher," growled DuChane. Marlin's words, nevertheless,
seemed to have a quieting effect on his anger. His mood changed.

"We're in for it, but they can't pin anything on me. I served the rap
for my little accident with a gun. Slinky here is likely to go up for a
stretch, just on general principles. McGruder--now that baby has a bad
conscience or he wouldn't have been so anxious to close the entrance.
It wouldn't surprise me if--"

"Mind your own business!" snarled the detective. "Loud-mouthed blabbers
like you is like to wake up with a knife in their ribs."

"So! A killer! One of the breed that sticks a knife in your back! What
say, Dave--shall I teach him a lesson?"

There was a scuffle in the dark. "You lemme go!" roared McGruder.
"I'll--" The words ended in a jolting gasp as two bodies struck the
floor.

The thrashing limbs and bodies flailed for a moment, eliciting a
wholehearted round of abuse from Sally as they almost knocked her feet
from under. After a minute, DuChane arose.

"No weapons," he reported. "Bad boys shouldn't make threats unless
they've got something to back 'em up with. Next time," he added
ominously, "I'll cave your teeth in."

There was a faintly muttered response as McGruder retired to a safer
distance.

"Where's Eli?" again demanded Marlin.

"He left us here," DuChane replied, "saying he was going down to the
control room. Wonder if he has any way of lighting this--Oh, hello!"

A sudden radiance engulfed them. Blinking, they stared at each
other--at their surroundings.

The tilted surface on which they stood was apparently nothing more
than a scaffolding in the unfinished portion of the sphere. The
boxes and crates they had loaded were distributed around the closed
entrance-hole. Peering upward, they looked into a network of girders,
bracing the huge expanse, weirdly lighted here and there with single
bulbs--evidently a temporary lighting arrangement for the workmen.

Below the level of their vision, also on a slant, was a partly enclosed
portion of three or four levels, resembling a ship's superstructure.
The humming noise of a dynamo accompanied the establishment of light
service. Thornboldt emerged from a doorway and stood with head tilted
back, surveying the bleak interior.

"Close the opening," he called out, catching sight of the group on the
platform.

An involuntary laugh greeted the order.

Annoyed at the failure of his command to produce activity, the
scientist worked his way up to the platform, emerging between the
end-shafts of a ladder. At the point in the hull where the pipe had
penetrated, a bulging mass of the lava-like substance was slowly
hardening.

       *       *       *       *       *

He grunted. "Temporarily that will do. Later it must be covered with
metal."

DuChane winked at Sally. "Anchors aweigh!" he sang. "Heave ho and a
bottle of rum! Stand by for the good ship Thornboldt. But look here,
Eli, what about the eight?"

"Eh?"

"Seems to me Pearl predicted we'd make our start when there were four
men, four gals, beside yourself. According to my reckoning, it doesn't
count out."

"You ask me to take stock in such superstition? Am I a scientist or a
Hottentot?"

Another lurch caused them all to grasp at near objects for support.

"What makes it do that?" demanded Sally, nervously. "Ever since we
climbed in it's been acting like a horse with the heaves."

"It's the sphere turning and settling," DuChane informed her. His arm
encircled her waist and she struggled--though not too violently, Marlin
thought--to break away. "Notice the floor's tilting? Won't be long
before it stands straight up."

"Four and four," muttered the Dane into his beard. "There should be
eight instead of seven. Where is that girl?"

Catching a glimpse of Pearl in the tool enclosure, he strode toward it.

"Oh no--he isn't superstitious!" commented DuChane.

"If we could rig up a periscope--push it through the soft part inside
of the pipe--we might stand a chance of observing what goes on
outside," Marlin suggested.

Without enthusiasm, DuChane agreed that it was a good idea. Releasing
his hold on Sally, he followed Marlin down the ladder and they began an
investigation of the more nearly finished section of the interior.

Some of the machinery they found understandable, much of it was
strange. All loose objects had been tumbled into corners-probably
had rolled around the circumference of whatever confined space they
happened to be in, as the sphere slowly accomplished its rotation.
But the supplies for the most part had been packed in anticipation of
severe jolts. There was a really enormous supply of canned goods and
other food items in sealed containers, but as yet no bunks had been
erected in the doorless staterooms.

In one compartment they found a disarray of packing cases heaped
together along one side-wall. One box had been crushed, revealing a
gleaming cylinder.

"What are you doing there?" demanded Thornboldt from the doorway.

"If these happen to be instruments, perhaps you can tell us if there's
a periscope in the lot," returned DuChane.

Eli fell to examining the boxes. "Try this one," he suggested. "Yes,
that's a good idea. Very good." He hurried away, leaving them wondering
at his unusual good spirits.

The instrument they unearthed was all that could be desired. "I
believe," Marlin commented, "we can get this through by encasing it in
a protective sheath."

"How'll we get the sheath off?"

"It can be done. We need a tube large enough to admit passage of
the instrument. It can be just a rolled strip of sheet iron. We'll
streamline it by welding the end to a point. When we've worked it
through the mass far enough to project beyond the large pipe, we'll
slide in the periscope. Last of all, we take a good solid rod, attach
it to the rear projection of our sheath, and shove. When the sheath has
cleared the top, it'll drop off, leaving the periscope head exposed."

"Might work," DuChane acknowledged. "You've an ingenious mind. But we'd
better wait until dark. Less chance of being observed by the august
forces of law and order."

"It'll be well along in the night before we've finished," returned
Marlin. He caught hold of a door post as the sphere gave another
shuddering lurch.

       *       *       *       *       *

In their quest for material, they came upon Eli in the lower level of
the superstructure. He was making adjustments throughout a bank of
coils which seemed to constitute the major element of his apparatus.
Pausing curiously, DuChane demanded:

"What's that for?"

Eli grunted, but the pride of an inventor won out over disdain.

"You could not understand," he informed them ungraciously. "Locked in
these coils is a power that will make the name of Elias Thornboldt
outstanding in history. A magnetic field in which occurs such a stress
as the atom has never known causes polarization of the repulsion plates
below this floor which is--how can I express it--the opposite of
magnetism, of attraction, of the force of gravity."

"In other words," retorted DuChane, "anti-gravity." He nudged Marlin.
"Professor Lamberton says your conclusions are unsound--that it would
be impossible to build up a sufficiently strong magnetic field to
accomplish the results you claim."

"That nincompoop!" exploded the scientist. "That stuffed piece
of shirt! What does he know about atomic stress? Nothing! Yet he
presumes--" Eli paused suspiciously. "Who told you about Lamberton?"

"Oh, we get around!"

The bearded scientist snorted. "Why bandy words? To show up Lamberton
in all his stupidity, I have only to do this--"

With a dramatic gesture, he thrust home the prongs of a huge switch
which occupied the central panel of a control board in front of the
coils. Involuntarily, Marlin braced himself for a shock. Nothing
happened. Nothing, at least, beyond a faint hum which emanated from the
towering apparatus.

"Well?" queried DuChane impudently.

Eli shook his beard impatiently. "What did you expect? First it is
necessary to build up a magnetic potential. Then, with this lever, I
release the current through the repulsion plates." He caressed the
device but refrained from demonstrating. "Naturally, I will make
the first tests with utmost caution. The lever acts as a rheostat,
by which the power is applied in any degree required, governing the
acceleration. If I should move it to the extreme limit we would be
hurled away from the earth with such violence as to crush every bone."

"How about steering?" queried Marlin. "Wouldn't you be condemned to
travel in a straight line from any object which the plates happened to
be facing at the start?"

"Do you take me for a numskull? Naturally the plates are segmented.
They can be turned like a--like a--"

"Like the sections of a Venetian blind," interposed DuChane. "I get
you. And--er--when do you start?"

Eli frowned. "I shall not delay long. All essentials are in place--the
storage batteries, fully charged to furnish current for at least seven
months, the dynamos, the conversion coils. First comes the trial
flight. It will be brief--but sufficient to astonish the world.
Then, when I have enjoyed the sight of Lamberton and those imbecile
financiers groveling in the dust, I shall finish the sphere--without
their assistance--and go--who knows where? To the moon, the planets--"

His grandiloquent vision was interrupted by another of the periodic
lurches, which caused them all to grasp for support. Overhead, the
girders groaned as they accommodated themselves to a new stress.
Somewhere, a heavy object fell.

DuChane suddenly doubled up with mirth.

"Look!" he chortled. "Oh, this is good!"

Marlin followed the direction of his pointing finger. Involuntarily, he
smiled.

"By rights," he commented grimly, "our bones ought to be crushed to
powder. Well, that settles that."

       *       *       *       *       *

Thornboldt stared blankly at the rheostat lever. His body, flung
against it by the upheaval of the sphere, had pushed it to the extreme
limit which he had warned would produce dire results.

"It means nothing!" he protested hollowly. "One faulty connection could
make the whole thing a failure. Besides, how can you expect a lifting
power that was intended for a hollow sphere to lift hundreds of tons of
mud? Leave me alone. How can I work with such imbecile interruptions?"

They withdrew, leaving him staring with frowning contemplation at the
ineffective starting lever.

"The old coot had me wondering at that," Marlin confided, as he and
DuChane set about their task of installing the periscope. "I'm glad to
have it settled."

They worked steadily into the night, pausing only to take part in a
meal concocted from the ship's stores.

The outlaw had been made as comfortable as possible in one of the
doorless staterooms, but was tossing in semi-delirium. He had been
struck by at least six bullets, as reported by Sally. "Hmm!" grunted
Marlin, busy with his welding torch. "Not much chance of his pulling
through."

"Pearl says he will," returned Sally. She spoke with an air of
amusement--almost of mystery. "Know what that girl had us do? She
insisted on our puncturing the blister over that opening in the shell
and drawing off about a quart of that gummy stuff for poultices. Since
the idea came from Pearl, Maw thinks it must be the berries."

"Sounds unsanitary, to say the least."

"Oh, I don't know," DuChane disagreed. "Certain clays are used
medicinally for drawing out inflammation. Come to think of it, this
stuff resembles antiphlogistin as much as anything."

"If it works," observed Marlin, "we might put the goo on the market and
make our fortunes."

The others had all turned in when Marlin and DuChane finished their
task. As nearly as they could judge, the panoramic sight would be a
success, although little could be discerned through it in the darkness
except the outline which separated the blackness below the crater rim
from the somewhat brighter hue of the sky.

"Frankly, now that we've accomplished the job, I don't know what good
it's going to do," DuChane grumbled, as they turned to seek out their
sleeping pallets. "If the sheriff starts to dig his way in, or if he
chooses to do it just for meanness--he can snap the head off in a
second."

Marlin grunted. The same thought had occurred to him, but he had kept
it to himself. It had seemed better for the morale of the group to
offer a show of activity.

As it was, their example had inspired even McGruder and Link to chip in
toward opening packing cases, distributing the bedding, and otherwise
providing temporary living quarters. All were sufficiently tired to
sleep. Marlin dropped off almost instantly from exhaustion when he
rolled himself in his blankets.




                              CHAPTER VII


He woke with a stifling sense of oppression. In that indefinite period
between sleeping and waking, he struggled with a terrified conviction
that the whole mass of the enclosing sphere was caving in on him,
smothering, crushing his chest, grinding him against the floor. For
some minutes, he seemed unable to move. Eventually, his head clearing
somewhat, he struggled up, gasping for breath and fighting a surge of
nausea. The crushing sensation had been so vivid that it was several
minutes before he could overcome it.

From an adjoining cubicle, the moans of the wounded outlaw penetrated
his consciousness. He rose painfully, mindful of sore and stiffened
muscles, and stumbled out onto the ramp.

Overhead, the scattered lights which gave a faint illumination to the
network of girders, were casting weird, swaying shadows, as they did
after every lurch of the sphere. It was such a lurch, Marlin realized,
that probably woke him. The floor, he noticed, had returned more nearly
to level.

Maw Barstow had spread her pallet across the bare opening of the
outlaw's room, and lay there like a watchdog--anything but a lovely
sight with her upturned face and open mouth. She was making hard work
of sleep and did not stir when Marlin stepped over her and knelt beside
the suffering figure inside.

A rag was immersed in a pan of water at the side of the pallet.
Surmising its purpose, he squeezed a little between the feverish lips
and then wiped off the drawn face. The muddy stuff of the poultice
had oozed out around the neck wound. Marlin wiped some of it away and
adjusted the bandage, then pulled down the cover to see if other
bandages needed similar attention.

The outlaw, though wiry, seemed to have a rather frail physique. His
face was smooth and boylike, almost sensitive, despite the hard set of
the mouth. A tight bandage swathed the chest, but as Marlin's fingers
felt along its edge he was struck by the soft, pliable texture of the
flesh beneath.

For a minute, he paused, considering the faintly moaning figure. For
some strange reason, chills raced up his spine.

Deliberately, he drew down the cover, until he could view the
outstretched body. Then, very carefully, he restored the blanket to its
place, tucking it carefully around the sleeping figure. The figure that
was not a man--but a girl ...

When he rose to leave a moment later, Pearl was framed in the doorway,
her lips parted in the enigmatic smile which belied the innocent
vacuity of her eyes.

Marlin stepped over Maw Barstow's sleeping body and took the
white-gowned girl gently by the arm.

"Better get back to your covers," he advised; then, softly: "Girl, oh
girl! Maybe you've got something after all!"

       *       *       *       *       *

When Marlin next awakened, it was to the rude shock of rough hands
shaking him excitedly. He struggled up, his first impulse to strike out
in resentment. It was DuChane.

"Wake up, Dave! For God's sake, wake up! I've got something to show
you!"

Still half asleep, Marlin followed the other toward the ladder which
led to the scaffold by which they had first entered. He felt strangely
lightheaded, nauseated, wobbly on his feet, and his muscles ached.
Unsteadily, he followed the other up to the scaffold.

DuChane applied his eye to the periscope, then gestured.

"Look!" His voice was scarcely more than a whisper.

Marlin crouched before the eyepiece. He peered through it with vague
bewilderment at first, then with growing interest--concern--amazement.

He spoke at last--His voice strained and unfamiliar.

"_There's nothing out there! No ground--no hillside--no crater--no
scaffolding--nothing! Nothing but stars. Stars and blackness._"

DuChane moistened his lips.

"It's an illusion," whispered Marlin. "We can't be--"

He glanced up at the girders. The shadows were still shifting in a
weird dance to the cadence of swaying lights.

"I know when it happened," he breathed hoarsely. "I woke up--a little
past midnight--with a terrible sense of oppression. Felt as if I were
being crushed. It must have been the acceleration."

DuChane swallowed. "Nothing like that now. In fact, it's just the
opposite--a touch of weightlessness. We'd better find Eli--have it out
with him."

The bearded scientist was snoring furiously on his pallet in the
control room. They woke him without ceremony.

DuChane interrupted the diatribe that trembled on the older man's lips.

"What right had you to do this?" he accused. "How do you know you can
get us back safely? Damn it all!" DuChane's anger rose as the full
enormity of the situation broke over him. "How do you expect to steer
the crazy thing--find your way back--land it? That dinky periscope is
about as useful for guidance as a cigarette lighter in a blizzard!"

Eli stiffened. "If you gentlemen will kindly explain what you are
talking about!"

"Why, you--!" DuChane broke off. "Mean to tell us you don't know?"

The scientist's blank stare continued.

"We're in space," Marlin informed him tersely.

The older man seemed unable to comprehend. A momentary triumph lighted
in his eyes, then faded into suspicion.

"Go away!" he ordered gruffly. "I have no mood for silly jokes."

Still, he submitted as they assisted him to his feet and hustled him
toward the periscope.

A few moments later, racing back to the control room, he began a
feverish examination of instruments and dials.

"I understand now. Yes--it is clear. I should have known, but in
dealing with new forces--one lacks the guidance of experience.
Lamberton--that imbecile? How I shall laugh. Charlatan eh! Yes, yes. It
was necessary to build up a sufficient potential--to do that naturally
took a great deal longer--"

"Look here," interrupted DuChane. "Isn't it possible that the coating
on the sphere somehow acted as a storage reservoir into which your
current poured until it built up this--this terrific potential you've
mentioned? I mean--well, perhaps this storing up of power multiplied
the current generated by your dynamos, until they overcame the
objection Lamberton pointed out--that of obtaining sufficient power to
produce the atomic stress."

"Nonsense!" Eli retorted reddening. "That imbecile has not the brains
to grasp even my basic theory. There is no connection between my
conversion coils and the mud coating!"

"You have a ground of some sort, haven't you?"

"Certainly. The steel shell of the sphere--" The inventor paused
abruptly. "That dense outer coating of clay--Yes, yes. It might so
act." He paused in exasperation. "Gentlemen! Please kindly go away! Is
it not enough that I have great responsibilities, but you must come
around with your childish theorizing?"

By this time, the others had been awakened by the commotion, and were
crowding around the control room entrance.

"Wha--what's up?" demanded Link.

Marlin looked at DuChane; DuChane returned the look.

"Somebody has to break the news," said Marlin grimly. His eyes swept
the gathering. "You may as well have it straight. We're no longer on
earth; we're in space."

"Whadda you mean--space?" Link was bewildered.

"This is a space vessel isn't it--built to rise from the earth and fly
off into the void? Well, contrary to expectations, it's doing just
that. How far above earth we are, there's no way of telling--but I'm
inclined to think it's one hell of a long way."




                             CHAPTER VIII


In an ordinary group, such an announcement might have brought
hysterical outbursts from the women and at least some kind of clamor
from the men. Eli's motley guests were either slower of comprehension
or else hardened to vicissitudes. McGruder turned a rather ghastly
color, murmured "Jees!" and sat down heavily on a packing box. No one
else evinced more than bewilderment.

"So what?" queried Sally Camino. "Where are we going and how do we get
back? Whose bright idea was this anyway?"

"Nobody's," Marlin informed her. "Eli left the forcefield in operation
and accidentally pushed the starting lever last night. Since nothing
happened, it never occurred to him to swing it back. The explanation
seems to be that when enough power had accumulated, the anti-gravity
polarization occurred, and we parted company with Mother Earth."

Link greeted this with a snicker.

"I was just thinkin'," he explained when the others focused puzzled
eyes upon him, "what a su'prise that sheriff an' his dep'ties is gonna
have when they find the old mud-ball gone this mornin'. Maybe some of
'em was on guard when it whooshed up into the sky afore their eyes."

No one laughed.

"No use kidding ourselves," Marlin commented. "We're in a tough
predicament. We don't know where the sphere is headed; there's
nothing but that hopelessly inadequate periscope to guide it by, and
personally, I don't see the ghost of a chance of our landing anywhere.
We're just a mote of dust in the void of space."

"It's just like Pearlie said, ain't it dearie?" cackled Maw Barstow
unexpectedly. "We are all goin' on a long journey. Pearlie never makes
a mistake."

"Oh, I don't know!" retorted DuChane, slyly. "I could cite an instance.
Or maybe it's just faulty arithmetic. There were to be four and four,
not three and five--at least 'that's the way I heard it.'"

"And that's all you know, smarty," chuckled Maw.

Sally winked at the older woman, while Marlin controlled his features
with an effort.

"Ask her when we're gonna land--and where at?" suggested Link, peering
hopefully.

"Pearlie will tell us everything in her own good time," retorted Maw,
grandly. "Won't you darlin'? Don't you want to tell us where we're
goin'?"

The girl smiled sweetly, and uttered the first words Marlin had heard
from her lips.

"There are so many stones."

McGruder laughed hoarsely. Maw checked him with a ferocious look. "Go
on, dearie," she urged. "Tell us more?"

The girl stared upward, as if visioning something in the distance. Her
words slurred together; she seemed only half aware of speaking them.

"The world is a stone. There are many stones. So many lonely stones."

Marlin again experienced the uncanny sense of chills spiraling up his
back--for no reason that he could comprehend. He looked uncertainly
from one face to another. All were staring at the Sybil of the strange
voyage.

Maw spoke with vague conviction. "That means something, and don't you
mistake it. We'll have to figger it out. Pearlie don't always talk in
plain words fer just ever'body to understand."

From behind the huge bank of coils, Elias Thornboldt emerged. He
glowered in annoyance.

"Go away!" he ordered. "None of you are permitted in this room." He
looked them over with sudden awareness and spoke bitterly. "What a crew
for the pioneer flight into space! Instead of a distinguished gathering
of world-famous scientists and statesmen, what do I have? Criminals!
Go! Out of my sight!"

As they straggled out, DuChane observed with a show of resentment: "We
might remind him that if it wasn't for a device rigged up by some of
his despised crew, he wouldn't even know his contraption was off the
ground."

Burning questions raced through Marlin's mind, but he frankly
doubted the scientist's ability to answer them. A genius in his line
Thornboldt might be; nevertheless, he was singularly impractical in
other directions. One of Marlin's questions related to the persistence
of almost normal gravity within the sphere. The explanation, DuChane
suggested, must lie in the repulsion plates. While one surface
exercised this force, the opposite surface compensated for it by
exercising attraction. Though he tentatively accepted this theory for
want of a better, Marlin was dissatisfied with it.

Another question related to the direction of their flight. Were they
speeding toward or away from the sun? Was there danger of crashing into
some planet, moon, or meteoric body, and if so could they avoid such
a fate? Observations through the periscope might presently solve the
question of direction. Possibly Eli had instruments which would help.

       *       *       *       *       *

The days that followed settled down to a dull, monotonous routine.
There was nothing--almost literally nothing--to do but eat, sleep, and
chafe at the helplessness of their position.

Lacking any measurement of time in the uniform semi-gloom of the
sphere, they established an arbitrary day of twenty-four hours. They
slept and ate in accustomed routine and kept track of the days of the
week.

The initial feeling that something must be done--and done
immediately--toward getting out of the predicament, gradually gave
way to a sense of hopeless resignation. When they goaded Eli with the
necessity for action, he flew into violent rages. They realized at
length that he was as much at a loss as any of the party.

How could they guide their course, when the limited observations
possible through the periscope scarcely told them whether they were
traveling toward the sun or away from it? They might, indeed, be
hanging inert in space. Marlin contended that they were moving away
from the sun.

"It's a cinch we started in that direction, since our ascent took place
at night, when the sun was on the opposite side of the earth."

"If that's correct," growled DuChane, "it means that instead of
roasting to death, we're doomed to perish of cold, when this hunk of
dough gets so far away that there aren't any more of the sun's rays for
it to absorb."

"We'll be dead of starvation long before that," Marlin added moodily.

The store of provisions seemed enormous at first glance. Now, faced by
stern questions of survival, they calculated that it would actually
last them not more than five months, and a careful rationing was
instituted.

The water tanks would supply them for a period somewhat longer.
Bathing and washing were restricted but not altogether denied, for the
equipment included an efficient settling tank as well as an electric
incinerator and an air-purifying system that was a credit to Eli's
foresight.

"Evidently we'll starve to death before we have a chance to perish of
thirst," was DuChane's comforting observation. "Unless the goo of our
outside shell proves to be edible. It seems to have about every other
property we could ask. Storage battery, heat absorber and distributor,
healing agent, and waste converter."

He referred to their discovery that the waste products discharged
through locks were seemingly absorbed by the clay-like outer coating.
"I believe it digests the stuff. Remember how the pit absorbed those
birds and small animals that became imbedded in it?" reminded DuChane.
"I sometimes feel as if--"

"As if what?" demanded Marlin, looking at him curiously.

"Nothing. I couldn't put it into words if I tried."




                              CHAPTER IX


Curiosity centered for a while upon the outlaw, who was making a
slow recovery. She--for after a few days her sex had become general
knowledge--kept moodily to herself, having little to do with the other
women and regarding the men with suspicion.

She gave her real name as Norma Hegstrom. DuChane, by persistent
questioning, elicited the additional fact that she had escaped from
some institution--possibly a school of correction--and adopted her
masquerade on coming West in order to elude the search.

"The way I've got it figured out," he confided to Sally and Marlin, as
they sat listlessly on the platform under the periscope, "in order to
make good in her boy's disguise and to offset her underlying feminine
appearance, she had to act tougher than any of the roughnecks she was
thrown with. So, by degrees, she was drawn into the career of an outlaw.

"You'd almost think," he added reflectively, "that Earth spewed
out this gang because we're a bunch of what the sociologists call
unassimilable elements."

"What do you mean by that?" snapped Sally.

"With all respect to those present, I suppose we could be spared about
as well as any you could mention. Nobody here seems to have any home
ties. There's no one back on Earth whose life will be affected by our
departure. We haven't contributed anything constructive to society--in
fact, on the average, we've been just general nuisances."

Marlin looked at him curiously. "You're implying--"

"I'm not implying a thing," DuChane evaded. He twisted around and
picked up a jagged disc of metal. "We've got more serious problems to
face. Recognize this?"

"It's the piece Slinky cut out of the opening with the blowtorch."

"Ever look at it?"

Marlin studied the other's face under the swinging shadows. Then he
took the metal disc and peered at it closely.

Sally glanced from one serious face to the other. "Well," she demanded,
"what's it all about?"

Without a word, Marlin passed her the fragment.

"Link said the blowtorch cut through it like butter," DuChane
remarked grimly. "We've noticed how the clay covering digests waste
material--tin cans included."

Sally turned the piece over curiously, ran her fingers over the
serrated surface, held it up to the light.

"So that's all there is between us and--" She hesitated. "Why it's half
eaten through in places--like something rusted. Is it my imagination,
or can you see through it?"

"Imagination," assured Marlin. He took the fragment and held it before
his eyes. "No, by thunder! A couple of pinpoint holes have been eaten
clear through it."

After a moment, Sally slowly rose.

"No use saying anything to the others," Marlin suggested, noting the
listless drag of her bare feet as she started toward the ladder.

She glanced over her shoulder disdainfully.

"What do you take me for?"

But the secret was not long in becoming general property. Len McGruder,
who seemed to prefer devious and furtive ways of accomplishing even
obvious things, must have been listening from one of many possible
hiding places, or at least observing from a distance, for he produced
the steel fragment at the next mealtime gathering.

"What's this about the old ball goin' to pieces?" he demanded. "What're
you tryin' to put over?"

Marlin eyed him with distaste. "As far as you are concerned," he said
slowly, "nothing. There's only one reason why I denied myself the
pleasure of letting you know the fate in store for you--and that's
because I knew you were so yellow you'd spill it and frighten the rest."

"Yellow, eh!" McGruder jumped to his feet in a rage. He appealed to the
group. "What do you think of this bird--and a couple of others I could
mention--" he glanced meaningly at DuChane and Sally--"gettin' their
heads together to figger out a way of savin' theirselves while the rest
of us is left to rot in this stinkin' blob of mud? How's that for
yellow?"

DuChane laughed mirthlessly.

"If there's any comfort in the knowledge," he said, "there'll be no
escape for any of us. The mud coating has a faculty of digesting
every inert substance it contacts. Very convenient for taking care of
our waste products--but unfortunate because it applies also to our
habitation."

"You mean it's gonna eat through the shell?" demanded Link, his weasel
eyes glittering.

Marlin shrugged.

"But we gotta do something! Does Eli know?"

The slinky one peered around the table, finding no reassurance in any
of the blank faces. He gulped and subsided.

Later, he and McGruder constituted themselves a delegation to lay the
problem before the scientist. Eli had practically barricaded himself in
the control room. At his bellowed command meals were brought to him at
irregular intervals by Maw Barstow. He rarely appeared outside of his
retreat, except when he ventured forth briefly for a peep through the
periscope.

"What'd he say?" demanded DuChane, when the two returned from their
self-imposed mission.

"None o' your business!" McGruder snarled.

"The old coot don't seem to get it," complained Link. "All he done was
to rant about how they gypped him when they sold him the steel."

The pale-featured outlaw girl, Norma, taking a listless turn along
the ramp in a robe provided from Maw Barstow's meager store, was an
inadvertent listener to this exchange. She seemed inclined to brush by,
but suddenly her deep-set eyes glowed with fire.

"It's a joke!" she contributed unexpectedly. "You save me from the law,
doctor up my carcass--and for what?"

"Does seem rather futile," agreed Marlin, sympathetically. He reflected
that as her hair grew longer she was becoming a great deal more
feminine in appearance. The wound in her neck was by now little more
than a scar.

       *       *       *       *       *

Under his scrutiny, her lips tightened and she abruptly walked away.

DuChane's eyes followed until she disappeared behind the curtain which
served as a doorway for her sleeping compartment.

"Y'know," he volunteered, "there's something about that kid I could
almost tumble for."

"Cut it out!" was Marlin's sharp response.

"What do you mean?"

Marlin did not answer. He was, in fact, puzzled to know why he had
spoken.

"I'll tell you what you mean!" DuChane said heatedly. "You've got your
eyes on this dame, same as you've had 'em on Sally. Anything that looks
like competition gets your nanny. Well, Marlin, I'm serving notice
that where women are concerned I do my own picking. The other man's
claim-stakes mean nothing to me."

"That's the talk!" approved McGruder. "What the hell! There's enough to
go around, not countin' old Eli, and we don't know what's gonna happen
tomorrow. I got my eye on that little--"

"Shut up!" blazed Marlin.

He eyed the ex-detective with burning distaste.

He could have reminded them that he was in a position to enforce
his edicts, being in possession of the only weapon. They knew this,
however, and it was already a source of mounting antagonism.

What had caused him to bristle at signs of interest toward the feminine
portion of the party? It wasn't that he wanted any of them for himself,
though he sensed a challenge in Sally's eyes and acknowledged that
she was desirable in her way. Norma, too, gave promise of becoming
attractive as she regained her vitality. But his attitude was inspired
by something deeper.

Perhaps it was an instinctive prescience that man-woman rivalry would
inevitably bring trouble. This and a very special feeling that Pearl
must be protected in her childlike innocence. The covetous looks with
which McGruder regarded her were unmistakable. The very thought of
them rankled in Marlin like a sacrilege. Maw Barstow was an efficient
watchdog, but the shady detective would stop at nothing he thought he
could get away with.

From this time, DuChane mockingly defied Marlin's half-expressed edict,
by ostentatiously "making a play" for both Sally and Norma. His eyes
taunted Marlin to do something about it. And Marlin, knowing that he
had no reasonable excuse for interfering, could only chafe inwardly and
pretend to have no interest in the matter.

The result was that he withdrew more and more into himself, holding
aloof from the others, becoming increasingly morose and distant.




                               CHAPTER X


Seemingly least imaginative of them all, it was odd that Link should be
the first to crack under the strain.

From the time of the disclosure that their hull was slowly corroding
under the chemical action of the clay, he had appeared frightened and
morose. Once or twice, as Marlin approached him on isolated portions of
the superstructure, he slunk away in a peculiar manner. One day--for
they still called their alternation of sleeping and waking periods a
"day"--he failed to show up for meals.

When he did not appear the second day, the group aroused from its
apathetic indifference sufficiently to institute a search.

He was crouching behind some packing boxes in the store room, and fled
with wild shrieks on being discovered.

He managed to hide himself again, and the search was dropped. Some
hours later they discovered him furtively clamboring among the girders
overhead.

From this time on, the girders became his abode. His weasel face,
nearly hidden by the long growth of hair, peered down at them from odd
angles with alert suspicion. He resembled an unkempt monkey clad in
tattered shirt and trousers. If they attempted to approach or tried to
lure him down, he shrieked and chattered at them, and retreated to more
precarious heights, until they desisted, fearful of making him fall.

"Hunger'll bring him down," DuChane said. And it did. During one of the
sleep periods, he raided the store room and created such havoc that Maw
Barstow formed a habit of leaving his ration of food and water on a box
in plain sight.

When all were apparently asleep, he would stealthily slip down and
snatch the food, wolfing it like a wild creature, ready to scamper for
safety at the slightest noise.

Watching from concealment, Marlin saw him do this a couple of times,
but made no effort to trap him.

And for Marlin, there were more important concerns. Isolated from the
rest, he sat for hours at a time before the periscope, trying to arrive
at some theory regarding their position in space.

One thing was established by now. The sphere had developed a lazy
rotation of its own, presenting its two hemispheres alternately to the
sun and giving the surface on which the periscope projected a "day" of
about five hours.

Even without visual observation, the shifting heat areas within the
globe would have led to the same conclusion. The clay-like coating
seemed to have the property of diffusing the sun's rays throughout its
mass. Possibly it would have been burned to a crisp on one side without
such rotation. The side which was receiving the direct rays radiated
a gentle heat through the walls, and this area of radiation traveled
slowly around the circumference.

To Marlin, this rotation seemed to deny the activity of the
anti-gravity plates, yet the maintenance of gravity indicated that at
least they retained some of their function. To account for this seeming
paradox and others, he evolved a set of theories. Some he was able to
verify.

From the first, he had found it difficult to swallow DuChane's surmise
that gravity was maintained within the sphere through some mysterious
reaction from the obverse surfaces of the repulsion plates. To satisfy
his doubts, he wormed his way through a narrow opening between the hull
and girders supporting the superstructure, until he reached the edge of
a segmented bank of repulsion plates.

He found them heavily insulated on the upper side, as if to prevent the
force from exerting its full strength in that direction. By lying in a
cramped position, he was able to extend an arm through a narrow crevice
and to touch the under side of the plates.

       *       *       *       *       *

His exploring fingers contacted a fragment of some sort--a pebble or
hardened lump of clay. Detaching it from the surface, he fingered it
exploringly. When his fingers relaxed, the lump escaped and instantly
snapped back to the plate, as if held by a taut rubber band. He
recovered the fragment and tried the same thing experimentally, with
the same result.

There was no mistake. Objects released below the anti-gravity plates
dropped toward them, just as did objects released from above. If
anything, the attraction of the underside was stronger. In point of
fact, the supposed anti-gravity plates were gravity plates.

Convinced of something he had vaguely suspected, Marlin retired to his
usual vantage point--the observation scaffold--to think matters out.

He was vaguely disturbed when Sally clambered up the ladder and joined
him.

"You're up to something?" she accused. "Tell Sally what it's all about."

"I'd only bore you."

"What's the difference? I'm bored anyway."

She sat beside him on the edge of the platform, bare feet protruding
from her threadbare slacks. Marlin was quite certain that she wouldn't
resist if he put his arm around her, but he squelched any such impulse.
Too many times he had seen DuChane's arm occupying that position.

"All right," he observed. "You asked for it." He told her what he had
discovered.

"Well," she asked, "what of it?"

"This is the way I'd explain it. I think the criticism of Thornboldt's
principle, advanced by orthodox scientists, was probably justified.
Such an enormous application of energy would be needed to effect the
stress required for anti-gravity polarization, that it was a practical
impossibility. Yet somehow this enormous power was generated for the
brief moment which marked the plunge of our vessel into outer space."

"I think we ought to christen the old ball," she remarked irrelevantly.
"How about calling it what Bart suggested--the Thornboldt?"

"I suppose the inventor is entitled to some credit," Marlin agreed
absently. "But to figure this out: Let's assume a generator or storage
battery capable of delivering current of one ampere strength for a
hundred hours. Suppose it should release the same amount of current
within a single hour. The strength of the current would obviously be
multiplied a hundred times, wouldn't it? Suppose the same current were
released in a single minute. It would be multiplied six thousand times.
Suppose it were released in a second, what would be its strength?"

"I'm no good at figures," replied Sally, fidgeting.

"Thirty-six thousand amperes!" Marlin told her impressively. "That's a
lot of stepping up. Eli claims his batteries are capable of supplying
current for several months, and while I don't know their capacity,
it must be considerable. Suppose most of this potential current was
drained off by the shell of our vessel, acting like a Leyden jar or
accumulator, and then released in one titanic discharge. Don't you see?
This must have accomplished the near-impossible--the polarization of
the repulsion plates, resulting in the anti-gravity reaction."

"You sure deal out jawbreakers when you get started," Sally shrugged.

"All right," he went on imperturbably. "The intense discharge probably
lasted only a moment--but that was sufficient. It shot our sphere away
from the earth as if it had been fired from a cannon--sent it with an
initial momentum which took us far beyond Earth's attraction and must
still be continuing undiminished in the vacuum of space."

Sally yawned and rose. "What you need is a classroom," she said. "I'll
pass the word along in case any of the rest feel the need of brushing
up on their education."

       *       *       *       *       *

Her departure scarcely disturbed Marlin's train of thought. His
theory, of course, gave birth to other perplexing problems. How account
for the fact that neither sphere nor passengers were crushed by the
enormous acceleration?

He had an answer for that one.

Logically, he reasoned, they owed their salvation to the fact that
they, too, were subject to the momentary repulsion of the activated
plates. Repulsion hurled them violently away--acceleration pressed them
back. The two forces practically cancelled out. Possibly the insulation
on the upper surfaces of the plates gave acceleration a slight edge,
causing the crushing sensation Marlin had felt at the onset of their
flight.

But the anti-gravity force was no longer in effect--probably had lasted
not more than a few seconds. What had caused the plates to become
imbued with an opposite force--an attractive force akin to gravity?

To answer this, Marlin found himself seeking analogies in the realm of
electrical phenomena.

A magnet, he reflected, is a bar of iron in which the movements of the
molecules are so organized as to keep the lines of their magnetic axis
parallel--all the molecular north poles pointing toward the same end
of the bar. It is accomplished by placing the bar in a larger magnetic
field, and it is made permanent by tempering--which fixes the molecules
in permanent alignment.

Thornboldt's atomic polarization principle must be similar. Under
terrific stress, the molecules of the repulsion plates, and their
constituent atoms, were polarized in such a way that they exercised the
force of repulsion. But when the stress was released, there would be
no tempering to maintain the molecular set. They would--in a manner of
speaking--snap back, like rubber bands released from tension, not quite
to their original condition, but to a condition tending toward the
opposite of that occasioned by the stress.

The attractive property now inherent in the plates, in other words, was
a reaction from the terrific stress of their momentary anti-gravity
polarization.

It was notable that there had been no interruption of the electrical
power which supplied current for cooking and waste incineration,
operated the air-purifying apparatus and refrigeration plant, and kept
their lighting system in force. Evidently, Marlin decided, the storage
batteries--if they had been drained of their charges prior to the
impulse which hurled them into space--must have recovered, as batteries
do when given a rest. He inclined also to the opinion that the sphere
itself generated electricity through the expansion and contraction of
the outer coating as it slowly revolved.

       *       *       *       *       *

Sally appeared to avoid him after this encounter--or so Marlin
imagined. He had a notion that she had been piqued by DuChane's pursuit
of Norma, and wanted to show the man a thing or two by giving Marlin
an opportunity to make love to her. His failure to rise to the bait had
not endeared him to her.

He told himself that he did not care--but, in truth, he felt his
isolation. It was comforting even to have Pearl creep up to the
periscope ledge beside him, as she did at rare intervals. He fell into
the habit of talking to her, as a relief from the close-mouthed silence
that had grown upon him. It was better, at any rate, than talking to
himself, and helped him to orient his ideas.

"Sometimes, Pearl," he confided, "I have a feeling that you sense
what I'm trying to say better than I understand it myself. It's
cockeyed--but a fellow develops queer fancies in a weird situation like
this."

She smiled amiably.

"I even find myself assuming that you know what's behind all this. I
suppose it's your air of calm assurance--or the lucky way you seemed
to hit things back there on Earth. And here I go, with another screwy
idea--that there is something behind it all."

He applied his eye to the periscope. It was on the night side, and only
an impenetrable expanse of blackness, studded with bright, unblinking
points of light, rewarded his gaze. Relaxing, he faced the girl.

"Reason tells me that we're the victims of a freakish accident. Yet I
find myself assuming--"

He checked the sentence, glancing around self-consciously for possible
eavesdroppers. With a dreamy expression Pearl was looking at--or beyond
him.

"It's a comfort to talk to you," he confessed. "You make it easier to
express the inexpressible. What was I saying? Oh, yes."

He frowned. "I get to fancying sometimes that the crew of us were
brought together, herded into this incredible monstrosity, and then
spewed forth in accordance with some age-old plan. It's almost as if
the little world we're in had a life of its own and had been sent forth
with the blessings of the parent Earth to work out its own destiny.
What do you think, Pearl? In your infinite wisdom--or simplicity--tell
me. At least it _could_ be true."

The girl's lips parted. "It could be true," she echoed.

He shrugged. Often you could get a response from her by making an
emphatic effort, but it was usually like this--some amiable repetition
of the words you put in her mouth.

"All right," he retorted, as if she had contradicted him, "say that
I'm screwy! But tell me--what do we know about other possible states
of consciousness? We think we understand human consciousness--because
we're experiencing it. We credit animals with consciousness because
they act in a limited way like humans. But how do we know there aren't
other phases of consciousness? How do we know that a tree isn't a
conscious entity, or a rock, or this globe--or the Earth? How do we
know?"

"How do we know?" parroted the girl. She smiled up at his tense
features, as if trying to please him. Beyond her, in the shadowy
obscurity of the girders, he caught a glimpse of Link's monkey-like
face peering furtively down at them.

He broke off abruptly. "You're a bad influence, Pearl. You encourage
a fellow to voice crazy ideas. First thing I know, I'll be swinging
around on girders myself."




                              CHAPTER XI


McGruder, who as a rule evinced little interest in matters beyond
eating, sleeping, and following the feminine members of the party with
pig-like, calculating eyes, was the one who made the discovery.

He had climbed to the observation scaffold and peeped idly through the
periscope. His yell of dismay reverberated through the interior of the
vessel.

"We're gonna hit the moon!" he shouted, as the others scrambled into
view.

Marlin gained the platform. "What's the idea!" he demanded sharply. "We
aren't within a million miles of the moon."

McGruder gulped, gesturing toward the periscope.

Marlin remained glued to the instrument until DuChane cut in roughly:
"Give someone else a chance. What's out there?"

Marlin relinquished his post. His voice sounded unnaturally strained.
"See for yourself."

It did look like a shrunken version of the old familiar moon--a
gleaming disc shining brilliantly against the inky blackness of space.

"We're approaching a solar body of some sort," Marlin told the others,
who had struggled up to the platform. His eyes inadvertently sought
Pearl. "Maybe this is the answer to--" He broke off.

DuChane straightened from the eyepiece.

"Two to one it means a crackup," he commented. "Unless Eli knows how to
guide this shebang--and I don't believe he does."

Nevertheless, they reported the approaching crisis to the inventor. Eli
had grown more eccentric as the voyage continued. His hair and beard
were wilder; he talked incoherently.

When he had assured himself that they were actually approaching a
stellar body, he displayed a great deal of energy, rushing from
periscope to control room and back again; but they had no way of
knowing the result of this activity, and received scant satisfaction
from his impatient responses to questions.

"My private opinion," Marlin observed, later, "is that his instruments
have no more control over this vessel than if we'd left them in that
pit back on Earth. All connections must have burned out in that
incredible burst of power that hurled us into space."

But at least, Eli made a great show of adjusting his switches and
levers. Whether he planned to effect a landing or was trying to avoid
the approaching body, was a secret locked in his own dome-like head.

In time this new menace became common-place and life lapsed into its
dull routine, with Marlin alone spending a great deal of time observing
their progress toward the stellar body. On one occasion, Pearl paid him
one of her infrequent visits.

He looked up as the girl climbed from the ladder.

"Better run along," he said abruptly. "It's considered bad medicine for
you to chin with me."

       *       *       *       *       *

She stopped beside him and cocked her head on one side, for all the
world like a bird listening for a worm.

"It is so lonely," she said yearningly.

"You--lonely?" he repeated in surprise. "Didn't know you ever felt that
way."

With a suggestion of impatience, she touched the bulging crust of clay
surrounding the original entrance-hole.

"So lonely," she insisted. "Please let it out."

Not quite sure of her meaning, he picked up a crowbar and tapped the
hardened crust. This seemed to be what she desired, for she stood aside
expectantly. Cracking the surface, he dislodged a section and allowed
the gummy interior substance to flow out.

The girl smiled her pleasure, then cupped both hands over the soft
mass, working them below the surface almost lovingly.

"So lonely," she murmured, in a crooning voice.

When she withdrew her hands, smeared with the gummy exudation, she held
a small lump of some kind in her palms. As she rubbed the clay away,
Marlin saw with a start that it was a dead field mouse.

This was one of the numerous creatures that had been enmeshed in
the sticky clay, he realized. But how had the girl known it was
there--close to the surface at this point?

"Better throw it into the incinerator," he advised gently. "Nasty
thing. Dead."

Shrinking from his outstretched hand, she cuddled the mire-covered
little body to her breast and almost furtively escaped down the ladder.

She had cleaned the bedraggled little corpse and was still cuddling
it happily, when Marlin descended to obtain his share of the meager
rations. He was struck by the madonna-like expression of the girl's
features. Wonderful--the mother instinct--he reflected. Wonderful, yet
sometimes pitiful.

DuChane stared as he took his packing-box seat at the table. "Where'd
the kid get that?"

"Never you mind," bristled Maw. "She can keep it if she wants to. What
harm's it doing, I'd like to know?"

DuChane sniffed the air, as if in anticipation. "About this time
tomorrow--if there is such a thing--you'll need no urging. If there's
any stink more potent than an over-ripe rodent, I'd hate to find out
about it."

"How does it happen," demanded Sally, "that the stuff out there didn't
act the way it does when we throw things away?"

"That's a thought!" DuChane agreed. "Whatever we throw away, the shell
digests--tin cans, refuse, scraps. But this--" He shrugged. "Just one
of those freakish accidents, I suppose."

       *       *       *       *       *

The strange aftermath was that when they gathered for another meal,
after the usual sleep period, the mouse was standing on its tiny hind
legs, daintily nibbling crumbs from Pearl's hand.

"This thing gets more uncanny," DuChane growled. "We were wondering how
the stuff came to leave the creature intact. Now we find that it knows
the difference between inert objects and those potentially alive. Not
only that, but it seems to know how to keep the creatures in suspended
animation."

"You talk as if the ship was something alive," observed Sally sharply.

"It's quite possible," Marlin suggested, "to conceive of chemicals
in the clay which attack dead tissue, but to which live cells are
resistant."

"Intelligent chemicals! That's a hot one!" retorted the girl.

Marlin eyed her calmly. "It's not so farfetched. I can name one
chemical right off the bat--just plain water. Put dead vegetation in a
damp spot and it decays. Live vegetation draws nourishment and thrives
under the same condition."

McGruder eyed with distaste the slender rations set out before him,
then glanced up longingly at the enclosing sphere.

"There must be a mess of them dead animals out in that clay. I wouldn't
mind havin' a little fresh meat, even if it was only a chipmunk."

The suggestion was received apathetically, but Marlin found himself
reflecting that this might offer a not impossible solution of their
food problem--presuming that they survived the dwindling stock of
canned provisions.




                              CHAPTER XII


For the most part, the vessel had proceeded without producing any sense
of motion. A violent shift would have dislodged everything loose in
the shell--the scaffolding, ladders, the temporarily secured electric
lights--and yet there had been nothing of the sort. Once in a while,
they felt a trembling jar. This probably was caused by the impact
of a meteorite. But thus far, no such bodies had pierced the heavy
insulation of resistant clay.

There was now, however, quite definite indication that they were moving
in space. Observations taken at intervals showed that the "moon" was
coming closer. Presently, the irregularities on the edge of the disc
were apparent to the eye, and shadowy configurations on its rocky
surface could be discerned.

After some days, Marlin developed a new suspicion.

He checked his observations carefully. There was no doubt about it.
They were no longer approaching the mass but were drifting in an orbit
around it--either that, or it was rotating around the sphere. And about
this time he made a further discovery. A second body had appeared in
the heavens--and presently there was a third.

"There's only one explanation," he reported tersely at a mealtime
gathering. "We're in the asteroid belt."

DuChane alone seemed to know what this meant.

"Dave seems to be jumping at conclusions, but assuming that he's right,
we've swung out beyond the orbit of Mars--somewhere between it and
Jupiter. There's a region of small planets, masses of rock, ranging up
to four or five hundred miles in diameter. Supposed to be fragments of
a planet that broke up somehow."

"Or didn't quite jell in the making," corrected Marlin. "I believe
that's the modern scientific view. More than nine hundred of them have
been charted though I've no doubt there must be innumerable smaller
fragments."

"What's the chance of our gettin' through without bein' hit?" demanded
McGruder.

"How should I know? As a matter of fact, I don't think we're on our way
through. Looks as if we've established an orbit--at least around that
big one."

"Anything we can do about it?"

Marlin regarded him impersonally.

"Nothing," he said. "Exactly nothing. We've no more control over our
fate at present than we've had since we started."

Sally gave a mirthless laugh. "That makes it swell! All we've got to do
is wait--and wait--and see what this old ball intends to do with us."

Pearl volunteered a remark which, in its unexpectedness, caused them
all to look at her.

"So many stones," she breathed. "Lonely stones."

DuChane leaped to his feet.

"The girl knew!" he shouted. "She knew! We thought she was talking
gibberish, but she was telling us where we'd wind up. Stones! Lonely
stones! Asteroids!"

"Of course Pearl knows!" crowed Maw Barstow. "Didn't I tell you?"

Norma rarely took part in their discussions. She spoke now with bitter
conviction. A flush of intensity lighted her wan features.

"It was all intended! I could feel it when I lay there in my
stupor--just as if I was a part of it and knew where we were going and
why. It's a soulless thing! We don't mean anything to it--not any more
than grubs. This is only the beginning--it's going to be more and more
terrible. We'll be ground to fragments--"

She closed her lips and stared, shudderingly, as if into space.

McGruder eyed her with resentment. "It's a lot of hogwash," he asserted
with hollow confidence.

       *       *       *       *       *

The nine days' wonder of it gradually became common-place to the rest,
but Marlin spent a greater share of his waking time at the observation
post. The three moons were joined by more. There were presently a
number of gleaming bodies revolving around the sphere, the count
increasing almost at every revolution. At one time, Marlin counted
eighteen of fairly good size and no doubt several were out of range of
the periscope.

The strangeness of it was slowly borne upon him.

"Why should these planetoids be revolving around us?" he questioned.
"They're reputed to have eccentric orbits, but we seem to have barged
in on a small system revolving around one common center. And the most
cockeyed thing of all is that we're apparently that center."

There might be some other explanation, but the reasonable one seemed
to be that the vessel was swinging through the vast planetoid belt,
"picking up" stellar bodies as it approached them. Each rock concretion
drawn into the ever-growing system increased its mass attraction for
other bodies, and thus the accumulation grew, like an immense snowball.

Theoretically, there was support for the assumption. The plates within
the sphere exercised an attraction which approximated Earth gravity.
Normally, the attraction of so small an object in space would have been
slight, but thus augmented, it might act as a magnet, drawing much
larger bodies out of their natural orbits.

"Still, if that's the case," he reasoned, "they'd keep drawing closer.
They'd eventually crush our sphere by the very force of its own
gravity."

His mind pictured a churning mass of mountainous and smaller rocks,
rolling round and round each other in ever-narrowing orbits, crashing
and grinding together, probably generating heat in the process,
eventually fusing into a solid mass.

"Nice prospect," he reflected with a shudder. "Where'll we be when that
takes place? Somewhere near the center, from all indications."

The prospect revealed through the periscope was awe-inspiring, but
increasingly fearsome. For one exciting hour, Marlin watched while
two planetoids collided and slowly ground each other to fragments.
On another occasion, a huge mass lazily crossed his field of vision
so close that he could discern great areas of what looked like ice,
mingled with towering spires of rock. He could easily imagine himself
looking down on a mountain glacier.

"Why not?" he reflected. "There's no reason why there shouldn't
be frozen water in this debris. Presumably the general mass is
constituted of the same rock, minerals, and gases as the other planets,
including Earth. Some of it could be frozen air--or its constituent
gases--considering the absolute zero out there."

He recalled reading the contention of Halbfass that some earth
hailstorms originate in outer space. The scientist had produced
considerable data in support of his theory that such bombardments may
be of stellar origin. There was the case of an iceberg twenty feet in
diameter, reported from Dharwar, India, in 1838, and a still earlier
case of a block of ice "as big as an elephant" which reputedly fell in
the same region during the days of Tippoo Sahib.

Unless Marlin was mistaken there were celestial icebergs among the
growing mass of planetary debris circling the sphere.

The picture he had envisioned of the planetoid bodies closing in on the
sphere, with its augmented gravitation, had seemed at first fantastic.
It was taking on more and more the aspect of grim, threatening reality.

Collisions between bodies in the surrounding space became more frequent
as their orbits definitely spiraled inward. Once a fragment drifted so
close that it almost seemed to graze the sphere. As Marlin tensed for
the seemingly inevitable impact, it passed by. But on its return would
it not be materially closer?

That particular fragment did not return. Perhaps it collided with
another and was pulverized or deflected from its course. But the sphere
might not escape so easily the next time.

Occasionally, his vision would be obscured by what seemed to be a
cloud of dust. It was undoubtedly just that--a field of particles
from the grinding and colliding of rock masses, settling toward the
gravitational pull of the sphere. On another occasion, the obscuring
cloud appeared to be sleet--a mass of iceberg fragments, or perhaps
more tenuous gas in solidified form.

       *       *       *       *       *

Since that one shuddering outburst, Norma had seemingly regained
her self-control. She appeared only occasionally at meal times,
tight-lipped, reserved. Often Marlin saw her standing on a secluded
part of the superstructure, wrapped in her moody thoughts. She climbed
one day to the observation platform beside him.

"What can you see through that thing?" she asked.

"Take a look," he invited. "It's terrifying, but inspiring too--when
you reflect that mortal eyes never looked upon it before."

She studied the awesome prospect for a minute, then drew away,
shivering as if with cold.

"Give it to me straight," she demanded. "What's the payoff? Here we are
in a thin-shelled bubble floating through a tumble of jagged rocks and
icebergs. They're drawing closer all the time, aren't they?"

He temporized. "My biggest worry right now is that the dust fragments,
settling down on us, will bury the periscope head. That will be the
last of our observations."

"I said give it to me straight," she retorted.

"All right. Your guess is as good as mine. Frankly, it looks like the
end. But it looked like the end when we shot off into space. Somehow
we've existed up to now." He spoke impersonally, trying to keep the
sympathy he felt out of his voice: "Come to think, Norma, I'm puzzled--"

He stopped, but she finished for him.

"You can't understand why a person who's been through what I have
should get the willies now. I'm not afraid of something I can fight.
I'm not afraid of dying. It's eerie things you can't fight that get
me. Hearing that girl Pearl talk gives me the creeps. She calls this a
'little world.' What does she mean?"

Marlin started. He had used the term himself; probably that was how it
came to fall from Pearl's lips.

"I know what she means," Norma answered her own question vehemently.
"It is a little world. I was a part of it, I tell you, while I
lay there between life and death. I sensed things through its
consciousness--if you can imagine such a thing. I knew what all of you
were doing, just as if you were maggots crawling around inside of me. I
had a feeling of what it was bound for--this grinding and crushing and
churning in space. And we're no more to it than the mice and bugs that
happened to get mired in the sticky clay while it was forming."

Marlin looked at her blankly. Despite her vehemence, she had herself
under control--though at the cost of what effort he could only guess.
The strange thing was that he himself had been subject to like fancies.

"Natural forces are--rather impersonal," he conceded.

"I hate natural forces! I hate this little world and everybody in it!
Why did you help pull me back to life? I never wanted to live. I could
have kicked off in a gunfight and had no beef. But here we're helpless
like rats in a trap. Why don't we all kill ourselves and get it over
with?"

Marlin shrugged. It was pleasanter talking to Pearl. Her unruffled
poise almost amounted to an assurance that nothing could happen which
particularly mattered.

       *       *       *       *       *

On her next visit, with Norma's outburst fresh in mind, he reverted to
the subject Pearl had once inspired.

"That idea about the world having a consciousness of its own may not
be altogether screwy," he told her. "It would explain a lot of things
that we take for granted. As an entity, it might very logically take
a hand in the involvement of beings in its sphere of influence. Our
surface life--the flora and fauna, including man--no doubt play an
essential part in its evolution. The Earth entity, with its natural
forces--the winds, tides, changes of temperature, volcanic eruptions,
and such like--could easily direct the spread of these forms.

"Come to think--that's just what it has been doing, from the dawn of
life. The only question is whether it happened by intention. Of course,
I'm too much of a reasoning creature to believe such rot."

He stopped, half-awaiting the echoed response, "Such rot," but it was
not forthcoming. From a pocket in the girl's soiled dress where she
kept her strangely revived pet, a pair of beady eyes looked out at him
brightly.

"All right, maybe I shouldn't have said a reasoning creature, but a
skeptical creature. After all, it's as unreasonable to disbelieve as
to believe--when you have no proof either way. Well, let's assume that
you're right."

"Pearlie is right," she assured him.

"H'mm. Maybe so. Well, assuming all this, I suppose the same entity
could carry the process further and cause all the activities of
so-called civilization. It could stir up the restlessness that sends
explorers and colonists to distant parts of the globe. It could inspire
persecutions, such as those that drove the Pilgrim fathers across the
ocean. It could drive men through greed, lust of conquest--any number
of urges. War--perhaps that's Nature's way of purging elements she
wants to get rid of, or preparing for some new stage of development.
Which brings the topic down to us."

He glanced at her, half expecting a response, but she merely smiled in
her vaguely knowing way.

"We all seemed to be free agents," he went on, "but somehow we drifted
toward old Eli's shelter--a bunch of misfits that weren't of any
particular use in Earth's economy. What financiers not under some
strange influence would have invested in Eli's wild theories? And that
pit of encrusted mire where the old coot was led to build his sphere.
Who knows what substances were brought together by what we call natural
forces, and mixed into the right composition to protect us for this
dash across space?"

The sphere gave a trembling lurch. Something had brushed its surface,
but in his intensity he scarcely noticed.

"There are only two ways of looking at it," he declared, breathing
heavily. "Either the whole thing was a freakish combination of
accidents, or--it was consciously directed. I'm just sufficiently
space-struck to entertain the possibility that it might be conscious
purpose. What do you say, Pearl? Accident--or purpose?"

"Or purpose," she assured him dutifully.

He gave a short laugh. "That was hardly fair. I should have phrased it
the other way around, knowing your fondness for repeating last words."




                             CHAPTER XIII


Marlin regretted afterward that he had not attempted to offer Norma
some antidote for her moody thoughts on her visit to his observation
point. He might have tried to put in words his own fatalistic point of
view. Possibly it would have helped to sustain her. If only he had been
less preoccupied--

But it was useless to regret, when they found the girl stretched out on
her sleeping pallet with eyes rigidly staring upward.

They gathered in silence around the inert form. Death had been their
constant companion from the start, but this was the first time it had
shown its grim face.

Maw Barstow began a low wailing. Sally also wept. McGruder moistened
his lips and looked furtively around, cowering slightly as he saw the
eerie features of Link peering from the shadows above. DuChane stood
stricken but expressionless. Pearl alone, of those who looked down at
the still face, was seemingly unmoved.

"I seen her pokin' around in the medicine cabinet," McGruder recalled.
"She musta swallowed some kinda dope."

They searched through the cabinet, but there was no clue as to what the
girl had taken. Several bottles contained drugs which could have caused
death.

"Oughta be given a decent burial," McGruder commented.

No move was made at the time to carry out his suggestion. The only
burial possible was through the locks provided for eliminating waste
products. The thought was abhorrent.

"She talked kind of wild about ending it all," gulped Sally. "Said she
could almost hate me for being the one to save her for this. Gosh! I
even came back at her with a wisecrack--something about its being a
good idea. To end it all, I mean."

DuChane spoke for the first time. "Moody sort of kid," he commented
hesitantly. "Didn't seem to have a real interest in life."

"You tried hard enough to give her one!" Sally retorted with pent-up
bitterness. "Too bad she wouldn't tumble."

DuChane opened his lips as if to reply, swallowed, then, with a
lingering glance at the dead girl, turned away.

Eli was not among the silent group. No one bothered to tell him that
his passenger list had been reduced by one.

The event seemed to do something to the morale of the
survivors--something beyond producing the inevitable shock that follows
in the wake of death.

Marlin felt it keenly. Until now--though he had imagined himself to
be impersonal and philosophical about the whole matter--he had been
sustained by a feeling that they were being carried on this strange
journey for a purpose. There had been Pearl's predictions and their
apparent realization--the uncanny fortuitousness of natural forces
which had preserved them thus far. It had seemed to presage intention
of some kind--suggesting that they bore charmed lives.

Now, it seemed, the charm was not inviolate. They were no longer the
favorites of some mysterious destiny. One had been snuffed out--the
others could be. There was no purpose back of it--none, at any rate,
which concerned them. As Norma had said, they were like insects caught
up in the mud-ball. It was merely by chance that any had survived thus
far.

The question of what to do with the dead girl's body was settled by the
decision to cremate it. The waste incinerator was electrically heated
and connected with a lock, originally intended to open into space,
through which ashes and solid residue could be forced into the clay
outer coating.

Though Maw Barstow protested and wailed, she had no counter suggestion
to offer. DuChane held aloof from the discussion, but when Marlin
called on McGruder to pick up one end of the blanket-swathed figure,
DuChane thrust himself between them and gathered the body in his arms.

"I'll take care of this," he said gruffly.

       *       *       *       *       *

A sense of bleak desolation swept over Marlin, as he watched the
other man, with his somber burden, slowly ascend the ramp toward the
blackened door of the incinerator.

At this moment the blow struck.

The concussion was so terrific that it sent Marlin sprawling the full
length of the ramp. He brought up against a hard surface, dazed and
gasping, and lay inert for a period that might have been minutes,
vaguely aware of the darkness, of shrieks, and the crash of falling
bodies.

Painfully, at length, he picked himself up.

As the sphere continued to heave and vibrate from the impact,
someone fell against him. Clutching arms caught at him and a
voice--Sally's--sobbed convulsively in his ears.

He disengaged the clinging arms.

"Cut it out!" he said gruffly. "We're still alive--I don't know why.
Let's see if we can find any lights."

Half dragging the girl after him, he made his way to the storeroom. He
remembered a drawer containing flashlights. Several were broken, but he
located a couple in working order.

Above the general clamor, the howls of someone apparently in agony
rose with monotonous regularity. With the aid of the flashlights,
he stumbled toward the sound, Sally following. Overhead the girders
groaned and clanked with metallic reverberations. Several of them must
have been fractured.

By the feeble radiance of the torches, he located the source of the
agonized howls. Above the level of the observation scaffold--now a
mass of tumbled wreckage--the gummy substance of the outer coating was
issuing inexorably through a rent in the shell. Trapped in the deluge
was Slinky Link--his face distorted with animal-like terror, one free
arm pawing helplessly at the engulfing tide.

Marlin hastily sought a way of reaching him, but before he could
salvage a ladder the demented creature was beyond help. His howls
abruptly ended in a gurgle as the eruption relentlessly closed over him.

Sally was suddenly very sick.

McGruder, and then DuChane stumbled toward the light.

"Wha--what happened?" came the befuddled question.

"We were struck, of course. Help me get Sally back to her bunk. The
stuff--swallowed up Link. Where are the others?"

They found Pearl sitting in a corner with Maw's head in her lap. She
was gently smoothing the older woman's brow, which bore an ugly welt.
Maw was groaning, but apparently more in fright than pain.

       *       *       *       *       *

Marlin swept his flashlight over them, decided they were in need of no
immediate attention. "Let's see whether we can restore the lights."

In the control room, they came upon Eli's body wedged between two banks
of coils, his head twisted in a ghastly fashion. He must have died
instantly, his neck broken by the concussion.

Tentative efforts to restore electrical current were without avail.
They located a few more undamaged flashlights and inspected the vessel.

The first assumption had been that the dent knocked in their hull by
impact with the asteroid occurred at the point where Link had been
overtaken by the flood. It became apparent, however, that the blow
had struck on the opposite side of the vessel, where a much greater
inundation had occurred--was, in fact, still in process of spreading
over the interior surface like a great blister.

Link must have been flung against the hull from the girders on which he
was roosting. His body broke through the weakened shell, and once the
ooze had him it closed over him with implacable greed.

The utter hopelessness of their position weighed on the three men like
a pall.

Any lingering faith that they were protected by a special providence
was shattered. Already, three of their number had proved that death
could strike as aimlessly and without warning in the space vessel as
elsewhere.

The ooze was working in through innumerable cracks in the rotten shell.
From serving as their protection against the cold of outer space and
the burning heat of the sun's rays, the covering had assumed the guise
of a soulless monster, spreading its ravening tentacles to smother and
devour them.

DuChane's memory of the concussion was vague. The dead girl's body,
wrested from his arms, must have hurtled against the shell, breaking
through and being swallowed up in the same manner as Link's.

"Probably better that way," he observed gruffly. "More like a human
burial. Wonder if any of that hooch escaped."

There had been an unwritten law that the small stock of liquor
among the stores should be preserved for emergencies. Surreptitious
violations there might have been, particularly by Maw Barstow, but no
open drinking. Marlin shrugged.

"I guess we all feel pretty shaky and exhausted," he acknowledged.

The bottled items in the larder had been packed to withstand shocks.
While there was some breakage, most of the liquor had survived.

The three downed a couple of rounds in gloomy silence; then, with
scarcely a word, they stumbled to their bunks.




                              CHAPTER XIV


Marlin woke with a smothering sensation and a foreboding. Fumbling for
his flashlight, he sought the others.

Maw Barstow was snoring stertoriously in her cubbyhole. Pearl, who
should have occupied the pallet next to her, was gone. Sally, pale from
the retching she had endured, was sleeping fitfully.

In the storeroom, he found DuChane, lying in a stupor beside an empty
bottle. There were several empties, in fact. DuChane and McGruder must
have returned to make a night of it. But McGruder was nowhere in sight.

With a grunt of distaste, Marlin turned his attention to the hull. It
was progressively deteriorating. The blow had ruptured the corroded
shell-plates in numerous places, and they were constantly giving way
under the shifting stresses.

His thoughts returned to Pearl. Strange that he had not come across
the girl. He made an unavailing search of the staterooms, storerooms,
the control room, and all passages and aisles of the unsteady
superstructure.

A taut feeling constricted his chest. She was so defenseless in her
childish simplicity. She might have wandered out in the dark and fallen
from any one of a dozen or more points of danger he could imagine.
Memory of the fate that had overtaken Link, and presumably Norma's
body, caused him to shudder.

From searching the likely places, he fell to searching the unlikely
ones. His flashlight beam unexpectedly picked up the two of them--Pearl
and McGruder--in a segment between the outcurving hull and the end-wall
of the cabin-like structure containing their sleeping compartments. The
narrow crevice between the corner of the straight wall and the hull
made it an almost inaccessible retreat.

In the brief glimpse Marlin caught before McGruder turned his startled,
snarling face toward the flashlight, the whole story was apparent.

McGruder had pursued the girl and finally cornered her. She was
struggling to escape from his grasp.

The man cringed away from the light. "Get outa here!" he yelled
hoarsely. "This don't concern you."

"No?" Marlin spoke with deadly intensity. "Take your hands off that
girl."

"Says who?"

"I've still got the gun, McGruder--and I don't mind admitting that I've
itched all along for an excuse to use it on your carcass. Let go, damn
you!"

McGruder jerked the girl roughly around so that she offered a shield
for his body.

"Come ahead--shoot!" he taunted.

Marlin pocketed his gun. "I'm coming after you."

The lower part of the crevice was too narrow to admit his body, but
it widened out above, where the hull sloped away from the wall. Pearl
could have squeezed through at the floor level, but McGruder must have
had to inch himself up a couple of feet before he could follow her.
Methodically, Marlin set out to do the same.

       *       *       *       *       *

The feat required both hands, and McGruder seized the opportunity, when
Marlin had squirmed himself part way up, to release the girl and plunge
toward him with clenched fist. Marlin saved himself from a paralyzing
blow in the midriff by leaping backward.

He snatched for the gun, but before he could recover it, McGruder was
well back inside, again using Pearl for a shield.

"Smart guy!" he yelled tauntingly. "Coming in, are you!"

This time, Marlin held his flashlight in one hand and the automatic in
the other, training both on McGruder, while he slowly worked himself up
the angle formed by the two walls by pressure of his out-thrust knees
and elbows.

McGruder, eyes glittering, backed away, still holding the bewildered
girl before him. Slowly, keeping the gun and flashlight trained upon
him, Marlin squeezed his bulk through the crevice.

The vessel gave one of its now frequent lurches, groaning with the
strain on yielding hull and weakened girders. In that instant, Marlin
felt a movement of the two steel walls as they spread apart. He would
have fallen if he had not involuntarily spread his elbows and shoulders
to maintain his position. The next instant, the walls closed in on him,
crushing--crushing--squeezing the life out of his body.

Even in that agonized moment, a horrified gasp escaped his lips, at
what was revealed by the stabbing ray of the flashlight.

The heaving side of the vessel tightened cruelly, then released him
from its vice-like grip. Limp with pain, Marlin dropped heavily to the
floor within the narrow enclosure.

He lay for a moment gasping for breath, neither knowing nor caring
whether any bones were cracked. Then he gathered himself for a supreme
effort. His body was one solid ache as tortured muscles strained to
obey his will.

"Look!" he gasped hoarsely, flashlight pointing. "Look--behind--!"

McGruder, struggling dazedly to his feet with the girl still clutched
in his embrace, swung around at the warning, but it was already too
late. A great seam had opened in the hull directly behind him, and a
mass of ooze was pouring in, like a surge of lava.

Caught off-balance, he stumbled and slipped on one knee in the
encroaching tide. As he floundered a bellow like that of a mired bull
escaped his distorted lips. He was gripped tenaciously by the pitiless
exudation. His eyes roved frantically. Then, as Marlin dragged himself
partly erect, he saw McGruder do an incredible thing.

Desperately, the detective twisted himself half around, with the girl
in his arms, and forced her into the viscous tide. She struggled in a
faintly bewildered manner. Bracing himself against her body, he gained
a leverage which enabled him to release, first one foot and then the
other. As he stumbled free, the girl was engulfed, almost before she
could cry out.

In that moment of horror, Marlin was conscious only of a consuming
rage--a lust to kill that obliterated all else. Forgetful of the
automatic, he dived toward McGruder, with hands that had suddenly
become claws.

"Don't! Don't! We've got to squeeze out of here! Before it catches--"

McGruder's screaming protest was strangled as ruthless fingers closed
around his windpipe.

When the smothering ooze closed over both heaving bodies, Marlin was
scarcely aware, through the red fury of his demoniac rage, that the end
had come....

       *       *       *       *       *

... _"But, mother, the goddesses were all beautiful, were they not?"_

_"Yes, son, but Pi-Ruh-Al was the most beautiful."_

_"Then why do the carvings always show Sa-Hala-Lee with a face, while
Pi-Ruh-Al has none? I would think--"_

_"Hush child! The beauty of Pi-Ruh-Al was so dazzling that no mortal
might look upon it. Even the gods could scarce endure its splendor,
and no sculptor has dared presume to represent her features. Not so
with Sa-Hala-Lee, who is the goddess of N'urthly beauty and constancy.
A touching legend relates to the manner by which she was wooed by
Mah-Gurru-Dah, Lord of the East, patron of the forge. He was forced
to wound her sore unto death with a lightning bolt forged in his
smithy before she yielded--but thereafter she remained loyal with a
faithfulness beyond mortal understanding. Yea, though it is reputed
that both Maha-Ra-Lin and Bar-Du-Chan sought her because of her
siren-like allure, she repulsed them with scorn._

_"Thus wrote the prophets of old: 'In the beginning was El-Leighi,
dweller in the sun, who looked upon the sea of space and saw that
it was a void, barren of all things. And El-Leighi hurled forth his
thunderbolt and created a sphere of matter within that void. And he
cast his thunderbolts again and yet again until he had created many
spheres which circled slowly through the emptiness of space._

_"'El-Leighi looked upon his work, yet was not satisfied. Four of his
bolts had formed spheres revolving so close to the sun that its rays
scorched them with heat unbearable. Others--the mightiest bolts of
all--formed planets immeasurably far away, lost in frigid coldness._

_"'So once again El-Leighi gathered his forces and hurled a thunderbolt
into space. And on that thunderbolt rode great beings--gods inferior
only to El-Leighi himself--whom he commanded to create a world on which
life might exist._

_"'When the thunderbolt shattered, in a temperate region of space
beyond the fourth planet, these gods fulfilled their destiny by
gathering its fragments and out of them creating a new world....'"_




                              CHAPTER XV


From a narrow strip of shore that fringed a murky sea, sheer cliffs
rose--black, beetling, forbidding. In one direction the rampart lost
itself in the haze of a bleak horizon; in the other it merged into a
rocky but sloping ascent.

The sea itself was of a muddy hue, reflecting feebly the rays of a sun
which seemed to begrudge what little warmth it spared. The sky, gray
though nearly cloudless, seemed overcast with a dusty haze.

Where the sea washed into a narrow inlet at the foot of the last great
promontory along the line of ramparts, a boulder--distinguished from
others because it seemed grayer, smoother, more friable--contributed to
the muddiness of the sea.

Each time the tide rose and the waters swept over it, they softened and
dissolved some of its outer coating. As the tides receded, they left a
blob of mud, which slowly hardened through exposure to the sun, only to
soften and disintegrate a trifle more at the next return of the tide.

It was an irregular tide. Its surges occurred in unpredictable cycles
and in varying degrees of intensity. On a few occasions its high level
reached a mark far up the cliff; on others it forgot to recede for a
time; and yet again it was such a feeble tide that it barely washed the
base of the boulder, which was in reality a clod of hard-baked clay.

Now and again, after the tide receded, some furry object lay gasping in
the sun, and presently scuttled toward the less precipitous stretch of
shore. Or a bird fluttered to the rampart, or a cricket vented a dismal
chirp and sought the damp underside of a rock. In a nearby cleft, a
scattering of seeds had been caught in the backwash of tide and blades
of grass clung tenaciously to a meager deposit of soil.

How long the sea had washed this blob of clay could only have been
estimated by some observer who noted its size when it was first carried
down to water level in a rock slide, and watched the progress of its
disintegration. But there was no observer to note these things.

There came a day--a day like many another, cloudless, murky, cold--when
it would have been apparent, had such an observer existed, that
imbedded within the blob of mud was a foreign object. It might have
been a log, for all the amorphous outlines revealed. Whatever it
was, the water continued to wash at intervals over the coating, and
gradually carried it away. As this continued, the uncovered portions
of whatever lay within gradually seemed to lose their gray, desiccated
look.

And there came another day when the coating was gone, and after the
tide had receded and the sun had poured its rays down with unusual
warmth for some hours, a quiver ran through the outstretched object.

The tide returned. As it gently lapped the figure on the sands, some
instinct of preservation stirred in that which had been nothing but
a core of foreign matter in a blob of clay. It shivered slightly and
squirmed to a higher position on the shore.

When the tide next returned, the creature, born of a mud clod was
hunched in a sitting position, gazing with dull, uncomprehending eyes
at the bleak prospect which was coming into focus before it.

       *       *       *       *       *

... Just when awareness of himself returned to Dave Marlin, he could
not have told. There was a borderline phase in which a bewildered,
naked creature stumbled along the rocky shore with only vague
consciousness of self. Memories of the past mingled fantastically
with the present. Impressions of an endless journey, of a huddled
group within a shadowy interior, of black, star-studded vistas, were
intertwined with breaking waves, a sense of chill discomfort, and a
dull yearning toward the coppery disc that hung in the mist overhead.

       *       *       *       *       *

Gnawing hunger in his vitals gradually thrust the present into
dominance. He dropped down and drank thirstily of the lapping fresh
water sea. This partly appeased the discomfort, but a grub which he
pounced upon a moment later satisfied it more. Eagerly he set about
finding other objects to still that ever-present hunger.

Instinctively the man had turned toward the less precipitous
region. Grim and forbidding though it was, it bore some evidence of
life--increasingly more evidences on the rocky hillocks that receded
from the barren shore. There were clumps of grass and bushes, an
occasional bird winging overhead and here and there glimpses of
squirrels, chipmunks, and other small animals.

A tawny streak flashed through the bush. At the squeal of its victim,
Marlin dived toward the spot, frightened the creature from its kill,
and hungrily appropriated the squirrel. In the moment of satisfying his
ravenous hunger with the warm bleeding flesh, he was troubled by no
memories of the process to which flesh was subjected before eating, in
that shadowy former existence.

Somehow he lived, aimlessly wandering, sleeping, when darkness came,
in the shelter of the moment, constantly alert for something to appease
the gnawing within him. More frequently than not, he went hungry, for
the region was sparse in its vegetation and niggardly in sentient life.
He chewed on roots, eagerly pounced on insect larvae, now and then
caught or killed with rocks some of the small animals and birds that
his unceasing search flushed from cover.

It is doubtful whether he at any time thought clearly, "I am Dave
Marlin, a man, who once lived on a planet called Earth." His mind was
far behind his body in recovering from the paralysis of disuse.

A new excitement stirred him one day. Farther inland, a thin column of
smoke was rising. Smoke! The ascending smudge wakened something within
him. Smoke was connected with that former life. It meant the presence
of his own kind!

He climbed toward it with frantic eagerness and presently looked down
into a sheltered cleft of a valley. By his former standards it would
have seemed a barren strip indeed, but in comparison with the terrain
surrounding, it was an Eden.

Grass and scraggly bushes struggled for foothold on the hillsides. A
brook trickled through the bottom and its banks revealed crude attempts
at cultivation. Stunted growths that looked like corn stalks straggled
across a narrow field. A gaunt heifer was tethered on one slope.

The smoke rose from a smoldering fire on a blackened area in front
of the cave. In the mouth of the cave squatted a woman, clothed in a
shapeless garment of skins, suckling a scrawny infant.

Incoherent choking sounds came from Marlin's throat as he descended
upon this scene of domestic tranquility. At his approach, the woman
glanced up, gave a shrill cry, and disappeared into the cave.

From a crevice beyond appeared a man, likewise clad in skins,
brandishing a crooked stick. At sight of Marlin, he stopped in his
tracks, then scampered toward the cave, turning at the entrance as if
to make a last desperate stand.

Marlin came on with eager stride, but he stopped a few feet away and
the two looked at each other.

       *       *       *       *       *

The cave dweller was under-sized, bearded, and shaggy. His arms and
legs protruded in ungainly fashion from the ill-fashioned skin garment.
Something about the manner in which the sharp eyes gleamed at him
through a tangle of overhanging hair struck a chord in Marlin's memory.

"You're--you're Link!" he said thickly. The words came with difficulty
from unaccustomed lips. "Slinky Link! Remember? I'm--Marlin."

The woman's head emerged cautiously from behind her man. The scarred
lip again prompted Marlin's memory.

"Maw--Barstow!"

"What you want?" demanded Link. The words were thickly spoken, as if
he, too, rarely used his speech organs.

Truly Marlin did not know what he wanted. Nothing, perhaps, beyond
the association of his own kind. For the first time he realized that
he was cold. He approached the smoldering embers and knelt over them,
gratefully warming himself in the glow.

The other two eyed him resentfully, but when the sun sank low they
prepared a frugal meal and grudgingly offered him a portion. He
ate greedily of the hard, gritty cake of ground corn and morsel of
half-cooked flesh; smacked his lips over the swallow or two of thin
milk which they allowed him to drink from a crudely formed earthen cup.

The urge to talk was strong within Marlin--to exchange views with
these, perhaps the only members of his kind in all the region. But
memories of the old life and speculations as to the manner of their
arrival seemed to have little reality in the minds of the two. Maw
was brooding and taciturn, wrapped in an animal-like concern for her
scrawny infant. Link vaguely recalled that they had wandered until they
came to this valley, where it was somehow easier to wrest an existence
than on the outer slopes.

He had found two half-starved cattle, captured one, and Maw made him
keep it alive for its milk. The other was a bull, but so far it had
eluded his attempts at capture. He had learned to make fire, the
primitive way, through striking certain kinds of rock together.

These were his preoccupations. He quickly tired of the conversation and
crawled into the cave to sleep.

In the morning, there was less to eat. When Marlin sought to help
himself to the fresh milking, Maw snatched the clay vessel and scuttled
with it into the cave.

Link thrust a piece of stringy meat into Marlin's hands, then caught up
his stick and brandished it threateningly.

"This is our place," he snarled. "You go."

Marlin crammed the partly cooked flesh into his mouth.

"Why?" he demanded.

"Eat too much," was the laconic response.

Marlin reflected on this. He had not eaten much, but the little tasted
good, and he wanted to stay.

"Go," insisted Link, prodding with his stick. He added as an
afterthought, "You're uncovered--don't look nice."

Marlin looked down at his sun-browned body. In that vaguely remembered
former existence he had worn clothes. Now he was naked. The thought
shamed him. Disconsolately, he turned and plodded away.

Thereafter, the recovery of his brain cells was more rapid. The old
earth life still seemed incredibly remote--as detached as though it
belonged to another person--but upon its vague memories he drew in
order to create a more satisfying existence.

He fashioned crude cutting implements and spears by chipping stones and
fitting them to handles made from tough growths of brush. He learned
deft ways of making fire, and usually cooked his meat. He pieced
together an abbreviated garment of skins. Each day he developed new
adaptations to the harsh environment.

Usually, he was too tired to think of anything beyond the physical
needs of the moment, but now and then, after a meal of unusual
repletion, he lay on his back and gazed thoughtfully at the coppery
sun, or at the two small moons which, with their uncoordinated orbits,
created such eccentricity in the tides. Then he recalled incidents
of the past, of the strange journey in the clay-covered sphere, and
speculated as to the mystery of his coming to this bleak new world--of
the manner of its creation.

       *       *       *       *       *

Waking one morning, he was startled to find that a fire had been built
and there was an odor of scorching meat. Erect in one bound, he stared
incredulously at the other man who was nonchalantly making free with
his camp.

"Kinda surprised--eh?"

For a moment, Marlin did not know the long-haired, bearded, skin-clad
stranger. He peered uncertainly.

"You're--you're DuChane, aren't you?"

"The old maestro himself," grinned the other. "Came across your trail
two days ago. Campfires--footprints. Nearly caught up with you last
night, but the dark overtook me. Guess we're the sole survivors."

"No," Marlin told him. "Maw Barstow and Link--I ran across them back
there." He waved an arm vaguely.

"Maw and Slinky Link!" DuChane laughed uproariously. "That's good. Is
the little shrimp still balmy?"

Marlin scratched his head. "I'd forgotten that. Guess he got over it,
in a way. They've got a kid--and a cow. Kicked me out on my ear."

It was good to have companionship. Talking things over made things
clearer. For one thing, he hadn't been able to understand at all how he
came to be wandering over the face of this strange planet. "Last thing
I remember was struggling with someone--and the ooze closing over. Then
I found myself stumbling along this coastline."

DuChane stared. "Don't you know?"

He took Marlin down to a sheltered cove. "There's a type of clay
formation--you get so you can spot it by the color--and where there's
one chunk you'll usually find several. Look for them above the tide
level. Most of those below that line have been dissolved away. Here's a
sample."

He took the small lump of clay--it seemed as hard-baked as
earthenware--and immersed it in a pool.

"It'll take some time. We might look for more."

In the end, they deposited several of the fragments in the pool, and
late in the day small objects began drifting to the surface.

"The clay dissolves. Seems to be somewhat porous and the moisture seeps
through to what's inside. Recognize this?" He fished in the pool and
laid an inert insect on the bank.

"Cricket," observed Marlin. "I remember--" His thoughts reverted to
a small creature that someone--he could not quite recall who--had
resurrected from the sticky ooze back in that shadowy interior.

"This'll do the same," declared DuChane. "See. Its legs are twitching
already. Here's something larger." He fished out a bedraggled bird.

"Then this is how it all came about?" queried Marlin. He swept the
landscape with an inclusive gesture. "These birds--squirrels--Link's
cow and the bull. You and I?"

"Sure thing. And the vegetation. The clay is rich in seeds. Everything
that blew into that pit stuck." DuChane raked the surface of the water
and held the gathered scum in his palm so that Marlin could see.
"Seeds. Insects and larvae. Must have been washing out and drying and
blowing over the landscape--taking root--for years."

"How many?"

DuChane shrugged. "Your guess is as good as mine. I think we'll find
that the shell broke up along this stretch of coastline and all the
life of the planet is concentrated here. It must have commenced
releasing the life it brought as soon as the water reached it."

"But before that--how long--? The clay is hard as rock!"

"Dave--that's something to think about. I've an idea it was terribly
long. That earth of ours--for all we know man finished his evolution
there--billions of our kind were born and died--while we lay in the
chrysalis waiting for conditions to ripen. Worlds aren't finished in a
day--unless you're thinking of cosmic days. Not even when it's a case
of gathering up the debris of an asteroid belt and molding it into a
planet--a New Earth."

Marlin stared. His mind sought to envision the slow natural processes
that would achieve such a result.

"It's not hard to conceive," continued DuChane reflectively. "Earth
scientists generally agreed that the original life spores reached
our system from distant parts of the galaxy. When you think of the
distances and eons of time they had to traverse, our little moment of
suspended existence fades into insignificance."

"You've been awake--longer than I have," Marlin confessed dazedly. "My
rusty brain can't follow you."




                              CHAPTER XVI


They wandered down the coastline, the two together faring better in the
hunt for small game and edible growths than either had succeeded in
doing alone.

Whenever he found a scattering of the baked clay fragments, or even
isolated lumps, Marlin made it a point to carry them down to the
water's edge, where in due course they would add to the life of the
planet. It would be splendid to locate some larger pieces. There might
be something to those stories of goats and sheep trapped by the ooze. A
dog would be a find.

DuChane was off hunting by himself when Marlin came upon the largest
deposit of clay fragments he had yet encountered. One of the lumps
was of boulder size. He studied it with mounting excitement. It might
prove entirely barren, as many of the fragments did, or it might prove
to contain only tiny creatures. On the other hand, it could be the
chrysalis of a fairly good-sized animal.

Transporting it to the water's edge was out of the question, but Marlin
solved the problem by dredging a channel through the sand and rock
debris which had isolated the deposit. When the next tide rose, it
poured through the channel, immersing the clay boulder, and when the
tide receded, the greater part of the water remained in the pool.

He did not tell DuChane of his discovery when they returned to camp at
sundown. It would be a thrill to surprise him, if the find proved worth
while.

Beyond assuring himself at intervals that the clay boulder was covered
with water, there was little that Marlin could do to assist nature.
From morning to morning, on various pretexts, he opposed DuChane's
restless desire to move camp, while he watched the slow disintegration
of the clay. Now and then he fished small creatures out of the water;
others floated to the edge and revived of themselves. He was beginning
to fear that the large blob contained no more than a sprinkling of such
life, when, peering through the murky water, he saw a streak of lighter
coloration along one side.

That it might be a human limb he refused even to hope. It seemed
hairless, but often the small animals were bald in spots when they
emerged, presenting a pathetically moth-eaten appearance. He could
do nothing all day but watch. At sundown, DuChane made caustic
observations upon his failure to contribute to their larder. Marlin
scarcely bothered to offer an excuse.

Early next morning, he was back at the pool. By this time, the body
within the partly disintegrated chrysalis was so definitely outlined
that he could almost be certain of its human shape. The exposed
portions were still hard and rigid to the touch. He restrained his
impatience to break away the encrusting clay. Experience had shown
that attempts to hasten the process usually resulted in injury or death
to the enclosed creature. Yet by mid-afternoon enough of the deposit
had dissolved to assure Marlin, not only that the body was human, but
that it was quite probably feminine. The head and upper portion were
still encrusted with the clay. He could only hope that they would be
free by morning.

Had it not been for questions it would arouse in DuChane's mind, he
would have remained all night by the pool. When he forced himself to
return to camp, DuChane regarded him sourly. Suspicion mounted as
Marlin set about unaccustomed preparations.

       *       *       *       *       *

Selecting the sharpest of his stone implements, he ground it to a still
keener edge. Then, painfully and methodically, he began scraping his
beard. The coming of darkness made little difference, since he was
working by sense of touch. When the growth had been removed from his
face, after a fashion, he hacked at his tangled locks until something
that might be termed a haircut had been achieved.

Long before he had finished, DuChane was snoring, but in the morning he
looked at his companion with undisguised amusement.

"Why the beauty treatment?"

"We're civilized beings," retorted Marlin defensively. "Why look like
savages?"

Restraining his impatience until he was sure DuChane had gone his
own way, he gathered some food and all the animal skins they had
accumulated between them and hastened to the pool.

A tide had risen and ebbed during the night, leaving the water
comparatively clear. The body of the girl was floating on the surface,
face and shoulders entirely freed of clay but submerged.

A desperate fear clutched Marlin's vitals. He should have been there
when the last of the clay dissolved, ready to drag her clear of the
water. What if the delay had allowed her to drown?

Dropping his armful of skins on a flattened rock, he plunged into the
pool and bore her to the improvised couch. The skins with the softer
fur he spread beneath, and with those remaining he covered the slender
body.

Not until then did he look at the wan face with any impulse of
curiosity. It had not especially mattered who she was. It was enough
that she was a member of the human species--a girl.

Now he realized that she was Norma, the moody outlaw maiden. And with
the realization came a stab of dismay.

Norma had been dead before the crash. The barest accident alone had
saved her body from the incinerator. The life-maintaining clay had
closed over her too late to preserve a vital spark already fled. No
wonder she lay so inert and motionless.

With leaden heart, he looked down at the still features--so cold and
immobile. Not until then did he realize how vehemently he had counted
on bringing her into his world--how he had needed and yearned for such
companionship. It had not seemed to matter who the girl was; but now
he realized that he wanted Norma--that life would never be complete
without her.

He touched the cheeks, the hands, the scarred neck. They were
cold--cold as the stone on which she lay. And yet a sense of perplexity
assailed him.

Not one fragment of inorganic life had been preserved in the clay, as
far as he had discovered. It seemed to maintain all forms of life or
potential life; other substances had invariably been consumed.

His clothing and everything he carried had succumbed to the
disintegration, yet his body had emerged from its clay entombment
unscathed--not only that, but strengthened, purified, adapted to its
new environment, so that he experienced no great discomfort in a
climate markedly colder than Earth's. He and DuChane had discussed this
and decided that the body metabolism had been altered, making them
definitely coldblooded.

If the purifying clay could do this, could it not also have drawn the
poison from Norma's system, maintaining a spark of life that still
persisted despite her seeming death? From the mere fact that her body
was preserved, what other conclusion was it possible to draw?

With renewed hope, Marlin set frantically about trying to establish
respiration by artificial means. Was it imagination, or did he feel a
slight surge of warmth in the limp body? As a last resort, he bent over
the still face and blew his breath into the delicate nostrils.

A long drawn, quivering shudder swept the form. Stilling his
excitement, he blew again and yet again, slowly working the arms back
and forth. And presently, beyond doubt, she was breathing naturally,
her flesh was taking on a glow of warmth, the long-lashed eyes opened
for a second.

       *       *       *       *       *

Throughout the morning, Marlin nursed his charge. From time to time, he
moistened the pale lips with water and allowed a trickle to run into
her mouth. When the sun reached its zenith, she made an effort as if to
rise, and he helped her to a sitting posture.

She looked around blankly, scarce seeming to know what she saw, and
aware of Marlin only as an object that moved.

She was not beautiful by Earth standards, but those standards were far
away. To Marlin, her very presence was intoxicating. He could have
knelt and worshipped her.

How long he had been observed, in his preoccupation, he had no way of
knowing. When he glanced up at an overhanging rock-ledge above the
pool, DuChane was regarding him with sardonic amusement.

"I figured you were up to something," the man called down. "So this was
the inspiration for the shave."

Marlin licked his lips, stifling a wave of apprehension.

"She's mine," he said.

DuChane circled the ledge until he found a place to descend. Making his
way down slowly, he strode toward the girl--would have touched her but
for a warning gesture from Marlin.

He turned abruptly.

"We may as well get this settled." His voice was harsh--his eyes had
grown hard. "One of us gets her--the other doesn't."

"She's mine," Marlin repeated doggedly. "I found her--opened the
channel to the tide--brought her to life."

"You want her," returned DuChane, "because she's a woman. I want her
because--she's the one. I'd come to feel that way about her back in the
space ark."

Filled with a blind rage, Marlin plunged toward him. DuChane carried a
spear, and he raised it in defense, but in the fury of his onslaught
Marlin brushed it aside and heard it clatter on the rock.

He landed a fist squarely on the other's jaw and followed it with
flailing blows on face and body.

DuChane made a quick recovery. He lowered his head and bored through
the barrage to get a strangle hold on Marlin's neck.

Forced to adopt similar tactics, Marlin struggled for his opponent's
throat. They fell together, thrashing over the rocky slope.

With an unexpected twist, DuChane wrenched free. Attempting to follow
him, Marlin slipped on the wet rock and fell with a resounding splash
into the pool. By the time he could scramble out, DuChane had recovered
his spear and was warily bearing down upon him, the stone point poised
for a deadly thrust.

Before the sure death presaged by the snarling features, Marlin
cautiously retreated. By this time, his mind had regained its
alertness. For all his rage, he realized that, unarmed, he was no match
for DuChane while the latter possessed the spear.

Whirling suddenly, he made a dash for freedom. Before DuChane could
hurl his shaft, he had scrambled over the edge of the embankment and
was running toward camp.

Quickly, Marlin gathered all the spears belonging to their combined
store. Thus fortified, he warily circled the higher ground which
overlooked the pool.

DuChane was squatting before the girl, but his preoccupation was not so
intent that he failed to glimpse the movement above. Instantly he was
erect, spear in hand.

       *       *       *       *       *

Poising his best shaft, Marlin flung it straight toward the other's
breast. DuChane leaped aside, and the spear struck a rock behind him a
glancing blow. The head shattered, while the shaft rebounded, striking
the girl.

Sick with dismay, Marlin saw her recoil and then bewilderedly attempt
to rise. DuChane caught her in his arms and forced her down on the bed
of skins, then turned vindictively toward the man above.

Defeated for the moment, Marlin withdrew. He could not risk throwing
more spears while DuChane remained near the girl.

Throughout the rest of the day, he stalked the other. DuChane was too
wary to be taken off guard. He was even supplied with rations--the
delicacies Marlin had brought from camp with which to feed the girl
when she regained consciousness. He saw DuChane put occasional morsels
into her mouth. She swallowed, mechanically but eagerly.

Toward evening, Marlin was sure he heard her utter a few hesitant
syllables in answer to DuChane's low-voiced remarks.

He kept up the siege through the night, hoping to slip down unobserved
and creep up on the other man, but the night happened to be one in
which the moons were both in evidence. Their radiance was sufficient to
give the alert DuChane warning of his approach.

The one thing to his advantage was an unusually high tide. It drove
DuChane and his charge up the slope to a position beneath the
overhanging ledge. Studying the situation by the first rays of the
morning sun, Marlin decided on a plan of action.

He gained a vantage point as nearly as possible above the two. By
hurling himself over the ledge, he might be able to overcome the other
in a surprise attack.

Waiting until the murmur of voices below indicated that DuChane was at
least partly off guard, he poised himself, spear in hand, then leaped.

It was a fall of a good twelve feet. He landed on all fours on the
sloping descent, the jar breaking his hold on his spear. A sharp pain
stabbed up one leg.

DuChane sprang to his feet, spear upraised, but Marlin charged toward
him without hesitation.

The jagged point of the spear pierced his side, but he plowed on,
forcing the other back up the slope by sheer fury of the onslaught.

Again they were at close grips, gouging, tearing, surging back and
forth across the slope. Once DuChane gained a strangle hold on Marlin's
throat. Fingers, hard and cruel as talons, sank deep into his windpipe.
Mustering all his energy, Marlin broke the hold by forcing the other
back against the rock wall and pounding his head against the jagged
surface.

They broke apart, Marlin gasping for breath, DuChane shaking his shaggy
head to clear it. Then, with the fury of desperation, Marlin stumbled
back to the fray.

This time DuChane met the attack by hurling his body down upon him with
the force of a catapult.

They hurtled down the slope together, but Marlin was beneath, and the
crash of landing knocked the breath from his body.

DuChane scrambled for his spear, but when Marlin tried to rise, he
found his muscles too weak to obey the demand of his will. He was faint
from loss of the blood which gushed from his torn side, and the pain
stabbing up from his ankle was rising to the threshold of consciousness
with unbearable intensity.

With glazing eyes, he looked up to see DuChane poised for the kill.

The spear-arm hesitated. Through a throbbing haze of waning
consciousness, Marlin heard the other man's voice.

"I don't want to kill you--Dave. What about it? Will you go your way
and leave us in peace?"

Then blackness blotted out the scene.




                             CHAPTER XVII


Marlin regained consciousness in the camp. He was stiff and weak and
sick with the pain of his ankle. DuChane and the girl stood over him.

"Sorry, old man," DuChane said regretfully. "You put up a good fight,
but I had the advantage."

Marlin made no reply. But in the days that followed, while slowly
regaining his strength, he observed the pair. It was clear that he
was definitely out of the picture. The girl, Norma, taciturn as ever,
nevertheless followed DuChane with her eyes and seemed to dwell on his
every word. Daily she accompanied him on the hunt, becoming as adept as
a man with spear and club.

Sometimes she returned early to prepare the evening meal. On one such
occasion Marlin abruptly asked:

"You like him? You're satisfied?"

The girl, in her single brief garment of skins, dropped down beside
him. She was tanned and strong-looking now, and a new radiance had
replaced the old sullen look on her face.

"You found me, didn't you?" she said slowly. "It was you who gave me
back to life--and I've never thanked you."

Marlin gingerly flexed his injured ankle. "Forget the thanks," he
returned gruffly.

"It seems funny," she went on, "to thank you for saving me. I used to
reproach you for saving me the first time, and I tried to fling away
the life you'd given back. But somehow, now, it's different. I want to
live! I feel somehow that I've found the place where I belong--a world
where living is real and glorious, as it should be."

He looked at her thoughtfully.

"I guess you're right. Everything's as it should be."

As soon as he could walk with but a slight limp, he gathered up his
spears and implements.

"I've a notion there's better hunting farther south," he observed.

DuChane avoided his eyes. Norma said nothing, but it was apparent that
she wished to be alone with her man.

"I'll drop around sometimes--keep in touch with you," Marlin assured
them cheerfully. "So long."

Thus casually, he set out alone in the wilderness.

       *       *       *       *       *

For weeks he hunted along the shore of the murky sea. One day he picked
up a shaft in which was bound a spearhead unlike any that either he or
DuChane had fashioned. It was a crudely hammered thing of metal--and
the red stain with which it was encrusted revealed that the metal was
iron.

While he stood looking at it, a shrill vituperation startled his ears,
and two figures came dashing over the ridge beyond. In the brief
glimpse he had before the pursuer felled the one in advance, he was
sure the victim was a woman.

She had fallen beneath the blow, but in an instant was on her feet,
screaming, struggling, and scratching. Before the fury of her attack,
the man retreated, and finally broke away, waving his spear ominously
when she threatened to follow up the advantage.

Both became aware of Marlin at the same instant.

He walked toward them slowly.

"Sally!" he called out, and then, doubtfully: "Len McGruder?"

Eyes riveted on Marlin's face, the girl approached, slowly, almost like
one groping in the dark. She touched his cheeks diffidently with both
hands.

"You're Dave! Dave Marlin!" she gasped.

McGruder eyed them with fierce resentment, then lunged forward and
thrust Sally away.

"Damned slut!" he growled. "Get back to your brats."

She swung on him furiously. "Shut Up! I'll stay where I please."

Marlin noticed with sickened comprehension that there was an ugly welt
on her temple and many bruises showed on the exposed parts of her body.
But then, there were scratches and welts on McGruder that might not
have been due altogether to entanglement with brush.

"You'll stay with us tonight," Sally informed Marlin. "You'll be
surprised at what a good housekeeper I am."

There was no second to the invitation from McGruder, but Marlin
cheerfully accompanied them home.

Their refuge, like that of Maw and Link, was a cave. In an improvised
enclosure, two naked children rolled contentedly in the dirt--one about
two, the other a babe in the crawling stage. Cute little brats, Marlin
thought, and Sally appeared to be casually proud of them.

There was no evidence that they had attempted to cultivate growing
things, but they had a fire, and Marlin was interested in the forge
McGruder grudgingly showed him. He had fashioned other things besides
spearheads--crude knives and an attempt at an axe--but he jealously
refused to divulge the location of his metal deposits.

As a special treat, Sally cooked a delectable stew of meat and edible
roots.

During the evening, the pair staged a bitter quarrel over some trifle,
in the course of which McGruder sent Sally reeling with a cuff on the
side of the head and she came back tooth and nail to retaliate. Marlin
refrained from taking a hand. The girl seemed able to take care of
herself.

       *       *       *       *       *

When the embers of the fire burned low, Sally carried her offspring
into the cave. McGruder, with a snarling remark that might have been
taken for a goodnight followed her. Marlin made himself as comfortable
as possible under a ledge some distance away.

He wakened at the sound of crunching sand. In an instant, Sally was
beside him, her arms circling his neck. She was sobbing.

"Take me away, Dave!" she moaned. "I can't stand it. He beats me--he's
a beast! It's been a living hell."

He stroked her hair gently, reveling in the soft tangle. He did not
blame her for wanting to leave a brute like McGruder. In point of fact,
she was voicing a thought which he had been pondering as he fell asleep.

Her lips sought his and clung, deliciously.

"Your kids," he suggested presently. "You wouldn't want to leave them.
How'll we manage--?"

"I've thought it all out," she told him breathlessly. "In the morning
you'll start down the coast. If he thinks you're out of the way,
he'll go hunting as usual. Then you can come back and we'll slip away
together."

"Suppose he follows. With two children we can't travel very fast."

"What if he does! You're strong, Dave--and unafraid. I've always
admired you. He found me wandering around alone, frightened and
starved, and we--well, there just wasn't anybody else. You know how it
is."

"Sure," he agreed. "I don't blame you, kid."

Another clinging kiss, and she slipped away.

Marlin lay contentedly thinking of the morrow. He'd found the
companionship he craved, at last. Sally was an attractive kid. In this
new world, for all its hardships, she had blossomed in a full-bosomed,
satisfying way. Her kisses were pleasant to recall. Now he could
establish a home and live the way a man was meant to live.

That she was already encumbered with two children did not disturb him
in the least. Hungering for companionship, he liked the idea of having
others dependent upon him--others for whom he could work and hunt, and
to whom he would mean something.

True, they were another man's children. Presumably McGruder had some
feeling for them; he couldn't be entirely lacking in human traits.
Probably even cared for Sally in his way. But a scurvy brute who didn't
know how to treat a woman deserved to have her run away with another
man.

Involuntarily, Marlin strove to put the thought in different words. The
idea of running away was repellent. Why do it by stealth? He wasn't
afraid of McGruder.

Why not go up to him and say: "I'm making off with your wife and kids.
What are you going to do about it?" That was better.

McGruder would put up a howl. Marlin hoped he'd be man enough to fight.
Somehow, you didn't feel quite so mean about taking a man's possessions
if you proved you were entitled to them by right of superior prowess.

But whether you took them by stealth or force, you'd have occasional
moments of remorse. It wasn't as if--

Impatiently, Marlin twisted to his other side and tried to sleep.
Thinking about it didn't help. Perhaps Sally's idea was better, after
all. It wasn't the fight he wanted to avoid--it was the accusation he'd
feel in the other man's eyes. Even a rat like McGruder could have moral
right on his side....




                             CHAPTER XVIII


Morning found Marlin many miles down the coast and still feverishly
pushing on. Too bad he couldn't have left some word for Sally; but
she'd probably understand.

His failing to show up for breakfast would be the tipoff. She'd realize
that he must have decided that he couldn't do this thing.

In the long run, she'd be glad that the father of her children still
had the responsibility of caring for them. What if he did beat her
occasionally? Recollection of the fight they'd staged last evening
recurred to mind, and he grinned. Sally gave as good as she took. He
half suspected that she enjoyed the excitement.

Still, there were her kisses and her warm vital body. Most of all,
there was the hunger for companionship. It was just as well to put a
lot of distance between himself and these ever-tempting possibilities.

Perhaps, if he was doomed to be alone, he might find some creature of
the wild for company. The section of the shore which he was approaching
really promised well.

He had supposed that the center from which most of the vegetation
sprang was somewhere in the neighborhood of his emergence. Probably
just a fellow's egotistical way of regarding himself as the center
of the universe. Now it began to look as if this region to the south
was relatively a garden spot, the older section--so far as growth was
concerned.

The bushes were more luxuriant; there were even some fledgling trees.
Wild life was more abundant. He caught glimpses of rabbits and of a
distant creature that might have been one of the legendary sheep which
were supposed to have been trapped in the ooze before the sphere took
its plunge into space.

It seemed to Marlin that even the sun shone brighter; his skin felt a
gentle warmth in place of the ever-present chill. It was almost like
coming home.

More and more frequently he came upon things that gladdened his spirit.
Sheep there undoubtedly were, back among those rocks, and stalks of
corn, not nearly as stunted as those which Link had painstakingly
cultivated. Bees hummed around the blossoms of occasional flowers. At
the base of a huge rock outcropping he found a nest hollowed out in a
pocket of dry leaves, and in the nest were eggs--pullet eggs.

On the slope of a hillside rising from the other side of the rock was
a small flock of clucking hens, scratching industriously under the
supervision of a strutting cock. Off to the right a pair of goats
raised their heads and blatted at him in mild astonishment.

A well-defined trail led to the crest of the outcropping. Trembling
with anticipation of he knew not what, Marlin plodded up the path.
Reaching the top, he paused. Something constricted his throat.

       *       *       *       *       *

Calm and tranquil, like an aloof goddess, she sat on a boulder in
a grassy knoll overlooking the sea. She wore a knee-length garment
which seemed to be woven of plaited grass. Her long golden hair hung
in loose braids over her shoulders, and she cuddled a chick to her
breast, cupping it in both hands while the mother hen, with the rest of
her brood, clucked at her feet. On the slope above, a black and white
pup paused in the act of worrying a stick, and stood looking at the
newcomer with one ear comically cocked.

Marlin stared entranced. He had no impulse to approach, but only to
fill his eyes with the lovely picture she made--to feed his starved
soul with the tranquility of her unconscious pose. Mature, brooding,
poised--a veritable part of it she seemed--an expression of the
universal mother-spirit.

When she glanced up from the fluffy thing cuddled in her hands, she
seemed scarcely surprised at seeing him, but her full lips broke into a
smile of pleased welcome.

As she deposited the fledgling on the ground among its mates, he took a
diffident step toward her, then another.

"Pearl!" he muttered in a choked voice, and dropped on his knees beside
her.

She looked down understandingly. Extending both hands, she clasped them
behind his head and drew his face gently to the warm hollow where the
chick had nestled.

"... _Thus N'urth came into being. But it was a fearsome
planet--barren--devoid of life. Then the gods who had created it turned
to Pi-Ruh-Al, the all-knowing, and besought her to make their creation
more pleasing to the sight of El-Leighi._

_"For know you, my son, that so great was the wisdom of this lovely
goddess that for long periods she sealed her lips in mercy, lest she
reveal truths too vast for mind to comprehend. Yet was she also the
most tender and understanding of the Great Beings._

_"In her wisdom, Pi-Ruh-Al gathered a handful of soil from the barren
planet, and breathed upon it, and moistened it in the sea. And she
scattered the soil and it became seeds, which blossomed into grass and
flowers and all things growing, so that N'urth was converted into a
place of beauty riding upon the void._

_"And again Pi-Ruh-Al gathered rock fragments which she moistened in
the sea and breathed upon and scattered abroad, and the rocks gave
forth living things, so that the world teemed with birds and tiny
creatures that crawl and fly and burrow, and with all animals that we
know, from the least to great herds which feed upon the hillsides._

_"With all of this the gods were pleased, but in time they again grew
dissatisfied, they knew not why. And Pi-Ruh-Al smiled, for the cause
of their sorrow was known to her even before they voiced it. So she
removed the seal from her lips and told them they were grieved because
none of their kind would enjoy the beauty of this world or remain to
husband its teeming life, when they returned to their home in the
sun. And she commanded them to people N'urth with beings in their own
image--children of their loins, who should hold their heads high and
walk erect with understanding, as befitted the mortal children of gods._

_"And the Mighty Ones knew that Pi-Ruh-Al spoke wisdom, and they obeyed
her command. And now, from their far-off home in the sun, they look
out upon the fair planet which they formed and peopled with life, and
declare that it is good."_

_"Is it not true, Mother, that our own race--my race--came from the
greatest of these?"_

_"We believe it is true, son--and ever should. For it is said that from
Maha-Ra-Lin and Pi-Ruh-Al descended our splendid race, which peoples
nearly half the continents of N'urth. Yet it is but natural for the
other races to think highly of those from whom they sprang. All were
gods--stupendous beings of high courage and noble aims, who rode the
thunderbolt across the void, brought life from stones, and molded for
us a world in which it is pleasant to dwell."_

*** END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK LOOK TO THE STARS ***

Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions will
be renamed.

Creating the works from print editions not protected by U.S. copyright
law means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works,
so the Foundation (and you!) can copy and distribute it in the
United States without permission and without paying copyright
royalties. Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part
of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm
concept and trademark. Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark,
and may not be used if you charge for an eBook, except by following
the terms of the trademark license, including paying royalties for use
of the Project Gutenberg trademark. If you do not charge anything for
copies of this eBook, complying with the trademark license is very
easy. You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose such as creation
of derivative works, reports, performances and research. Project
Gutenberg eBooks may be modified and printed and given away--you may
do practically ANYTHING in the United States with eBooks not protected
by U.S. copyright law. Redistribution is subject to the trademark
license, especially commercial redistribution.

START: FULL LICENSE

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full
Project Gutenberg-tm License available with this file or online at
www.gutenberg.org/license.

Section 1. General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works

1.A. By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement. If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or
destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your
possession. If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a
Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound
by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the
person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph
1.E.8.

1.B. "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark. It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement. See
paragraph 1.C below. There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this
agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works. See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C. The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the
Foundation" or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection
of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works. Nearly all the individual
works in the collection are in the public domain in the United
States. If an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the
United States and you are located in the United States, we do not
claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing,
displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as
all references to Project Gutenberg are removed. Of course, we hope
that you will support the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting
free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm
works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the
Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with the work. You can easily
comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the
same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg-tm License when
you share it without charge with others.

1.D. The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work. Copyright laws in most countries are
in a constant state of change. If you are outside the United States,
check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this
agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing,
distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any
other Project Gutenberg-tm work. The Foundation makes no
representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any
country other than the United States.

1.E. Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1. The following sentence, with active links to, or other
immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear
prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work
on which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the
phrase "Project Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed,
performed, viewed, copied or distributed:

  This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
  most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no
  restrictions whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it
  under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this
  eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the
  United States, you will have to check the laws of the country where
  you are located before using this eBook.

1.E.2. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is
derived from texts not protected by U.S. copyright law (does not
contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the
copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in
the United States without paying any fees or charges. If you are
redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply
either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or
obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.3. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any
additional terms imposed by the copyright holder. Additional terms
will be linked to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works
posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the
beginning of this work.

1.E.4. Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.

1.E.5. Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg-tm License.

1.E.6. You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including
any word processing or hypertext form. However, if you provide access
to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format
other than "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official
version posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm website
(www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense
to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means
of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original "Plain
Vanilla ASCII" or other form. Any alternate format must include the
full Project Gutenberg-tm License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7. Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8. You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
provided that:

* You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
  the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
  you already use to calculate your applicable taxes. The fee is owed
  to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has
  agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation. Royalty payments must be paid
  within 60 days following each date on which you prepare (or are
  legally required to prepare) your periodic tax returns. Royalty
  payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in
  Section 4, "Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg
  Literary Archive Foundation."

* You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
  you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
  does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
  License. You must require such a user to return or destroy all
  copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue
  all use of and all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg-tm
  works.

* You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of
  any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
  electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of
  receipt of the work.

* You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
  distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.

1.E.9. If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work or group of works on different terms than
are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing
from the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the manager of
the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark. Contact the Foundation as set
forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1. Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
works not protected by U.S. copyright law in creating the Project
Gutenberg-tm collection. Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may
contain "Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate
or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other
intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or
other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or
cannot be read by your equipment.

1.F.2. LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees. YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3. YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3. LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from. If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium
with your written explanation. The person or entity that provided you
with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in
lieu of a refund. If you received the work electronically, the person
or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second
opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund. If
the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing
without further opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4. Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS', WITH NO
OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5. Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of
damages. If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement
violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the
agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or
limitation permitted by the applicable state law. The invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the
remaining provisions.

1.F.6. INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in
accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the
production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses,
including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of
the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this
or any Project Gutenberg-tm work, (b) alteration, modification, or
additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any
Defect you cause.

Section 2. Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm

Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of
computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers. It
exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations
from people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
remain freely available for generations to come. In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future
generations. To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see
Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation information page at
www.gutenberg.org

Section 3. Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non-profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service. The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541. Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by
U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.

The Foundation's business office is located at 809 North 1500 West,
Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887. Email contact links and up
to date contact information can be found at the Foundation's website
and official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact

Section 4. Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without
widespread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine-readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment. Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States. Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements. We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance. To SEND
DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any particular
state visit www.gutenberg.org/donate

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States. U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg web pages for current donation
methods and addresses. Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations. To
donate, please visit: www.gutenberg.org/donate

Section 5. General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works

Professor Michael S. Hart was the originator of the Project
Gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be
freely shared with anyone. For forty years, he produced and
distributed Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of
volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in
the U.S. unless a copyright notice is included. Thus, we do not
necessarily keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper
edition.

Most people start at our website which has the main PG search
facility: www.gutenberg.org

This website includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.

The Project Gutenberg EBook of Alice in Wonderland, by Lewis Carroll

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with
almost no restrictions whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or
re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included
with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org


Title: Alice in Wonderland

Author: Lewis Carroll

Illustrator: Gordon Robinson

Release Date: August 12, 2006 [EBook #19033]

Language: English


*** START OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK ALICE IN WONDERLAND ***




Produced by Jason Isbell, Irma Spehar, and the Online
Distributed Proofreading Team at http://www.pgdp.net









          [Illustration: Alice in the Room of the Duchess.]


                       _THE "STORYLAND" SERIES_



                   ALICE'S ADVENTURES IN WONDERLAND







                     SAM'L GABRIEL SONS & COMPANY

                               NEW YORK



                           Copyright, 1916,

                   by SAM'L GABRIEL SONS & COMPANY

                               NEW YORK




ALICE'S ADVENTURES IN WONDERLAND

[Illustration]




I--DOWN THE RABBIT-HOLE


Alice was beginning to get very tired of sitting by her sister on the
bank, and of having nothing to do. Once or twice she had peeped into the
book her sister was reading, but it had no pictures or conversations in
it, "and what is the use of a book," thought Alice, "without pictures or
conversations?"

So she was considering in her own mind (as well as she could, for the
day made her feel very sleepy and stupid), whether the pleasure of
making a daisy-chain would be worth the trouble of getting up and
picking the daisies, when suddenly a White Rabbit with pink eyes ran
close by her.

There was nothing so very remarkable in that, nor did Alice think it so
very much out of the way to hear the Rabbit say to itself, "Oh dear! Oh
dear! I shall be too late!" But when the Rabbit actually took a watch
out of its waistcoat-pocket and looked at it and then hurried on, Alice
started to her feet, for it flashed across her mind that she had never
before seen a rabbit with either a waistcoat-pocket, or a watch to take
out of it, and, burning with curiosity, she ran across the field after
it and was just in time to see it pop down a large rabbit-hole, under
the hedge. In another moment, down went Alice after it!

[Illustration]

The rabbit-hole went straight on like a tunnel for some way and then
dipped suddenly down, so suddenly that Alice had not a moment to think
about stopping herself before she found herself falling down what seemed
to be a very deep well.

Either the well was very deep, or she fell very slowly, for she had
plenty of time, as she went down, to look about her. First, she tried to
make out what she was coming to, but it was too dark to see anything;
then she looked at the sides of the well and noticed that they were
filled with cupboards and book-shelves; here and there she saw maps and
pictures hung upon pegs. She took down a jar from one of the shelves as
she passed. It was labeled "ORANGE MARMALADE," but, to her great
disappointment, it was empty; she did not like to drop the jar, so
managed to put it into one of the cupboards as she fell past it.

Down, down, down! Would the fall never come to an end? There was nothing
else to do, so Alice soon began talking to herself. "Dinah'll miss me
very much to-night, I should think!" (Dinah was the cat.) "I hope
they'll remember her saucer of milk at tea-time. Dinah, my dear, I wish
you were down here with me!" Alice felt that she was dozing off, when
suddenly, thump! thump! down she came upon a heap of sticks and dry
leaves, and the fall was over.

Alice was not a bit hurt, and she jumped up in a moment. She looked up,
but it was all dark overhead; before her was another long passage and
the White Rabbit was still in sight, hurrying down it. There was not a
moment to be lost. Away went Alice like the wind and was just in time to
hear it say, as it turned a corner, "Oh, my ears and whiskers, how late
it's getting!" She was close behind it when she turned the corner, but
the Rabbit was no longer to be seen.

She found herself in a long, low hall, which was lit up by a row of
lamps hanging from the roof. There were doors all 'round the hall, but
they were all locked; and when Alice had been all the way down one side
and up the other, trying every door, she walked sadly down the middle,
wondering how she was ever to get out again.

Suddenly she came upon a little table, all made of solid glass. There
was nothing on it but a tiny golden key, and Alice's first idea was that
this might belong to one of the doors of the hall; but, alas! either the
locks were too large, or the key was too small, but, at any rate, it
would not open any of them. However, on the second time 'round, she came
upon a low curtain she had not noticed before, and behind it was a
little door about fifteen inches high. She tried the little golden key
in the lock, and to her great delight, it fitted!

[Illustration]

Alice opened the door and found that it led into a small passage, not
much larger than a rat-hole; she knelt down and looked along the passage
into the loveliest garden you ever saw. How she longed to get out of
that dark hall and wander about among those beds of bright flowers and
those cool fountains, but she could not even get her head through the
doorway. "Oh," said Alice, "how I wish I could shut up like a telescope!
I think I could, if I only knew how to begin."

Alice went back to the table, half hoping she might find another key on
it, or at any rate, a book of rules for shutting people up like
telescopes. This time she found a little bottle on it ("which certainly
was not here before," said Alice), and tied 'round the neck of the
bottle was a paper label, with the words "DRINK ME" beautifully printed
on it in large letters.

"No, I'll look first," she said, "and see whether it's marked '_poison_'
or not," for she had never forgotten that, if you drink from a bottle
marked "poison," it is almost certain to disagree with you, sooner or
later. However, this bottle was _not_ marked "poison," so Alice ventured
to taste it, and, finding it very nice (it had a sort of mixed flavor of
cherry-tart, custard, pineapple, roast turkey, toffy and hot buttered
toast), she very soon finished it off.

       *       *       *       *       *

"What a curious feeling!" said Alice. "I must be shutting up like a
telescope!"

And so it was indeed! She was now only ten inches high, and her face
brightened up at the thought that she was now the right size for going
through the little door into that lovely garden.

After awhile, finding that nothing more happened, she decided on going
into the garden at once; but, alas for poor Alice! When she got to the
door, she found she had forgotten the little golden key, and when she
went back to the table for it, she found she could not possibly reach
it: she could see it quite plainly through the glass and she tried her
best to climb up one of the legs of the table, but it was too slippery,
and when she had tired herself out with trying, the poor little thing
sat down and cried.

"Come, there's no use in crying like that!" said Alice to herself rather
sharply. "I advise you to leave off this minute!" She generally gave
herself very good advice (though she very seldom followed it), and
sometimes she scolded herself so severely as to bring tears into her
eyes.

Soon her eye fell on a little glass box that was lying under the table:
she opened it and found in it a very small cake, on which the words "EAT
ME" were beautifully marked in currants. "Well, I'll eat it," said
Alice, "and if it makes me grow larger, I can reach the key; and if it
makes me grow smaller, I can creep under the door: so either way I'll
get into the garden, and I don't care which happens!"

She ate a little bit and said anxiously to herself, "Which way? Which
way?" holding her hand on the top of her head to feel which way she was
growing; and she was quite surprised to find that she remained the same
size. So she set to work and very soon finished off the cake.

[Illustration]




II--THE POOL OF TEARS


"Curiouser and curiouser!" cried Alice (she was so much surprised that
for the moment she quite forgot how to speak good English). "Now I'm
opening out like the largest telescope that ever was! Good-by, feet! Oh,
my poor little feet, I wonder who will put on your shoes and stockings
for you now, dears? I shall be a great deal too far off to trouble
myself about you."

Just at this moment her head struck against the roof of the hall; in
fact, she was now rather more than nine feet high, and she at once took
up the little golden key and hurried off to the garden door.

Poor Alice! It was as much as she could do, lying down on one side, to
look through into the garden with one eye; but to get through was more
hopeless than ever. She sat down and began to cry again.

She went on shedding gallons of tears, until there was a large pool all
'round her and reaching half down the hall.

After a time, she heard a little pattering of feet in the distance and
she hastily dried her eyes to see what was coming. It was the White
Rabbit returning, splendidly dressed, with a pair of white kid-gloves in
one hand and a large fan in the other. He came trotting along in a
great hurry, muttering to himself, "Oh! the Duchess, the Duchess! Oh!
_won't_ she be savage if I've kept her waiting!"

When the Rabbit came near her, Alice began, in a low, timid voice, "If
you please, sir--" The Rabbit started violently, dropped the white
kid-gloves and the fan and skurried away into the darkness as hard as he
could go.

[Illustration]

Alice took up the fan and gloves and she kept fanning herself all the
time she went on talking. "Dear, dear! How queer everything is to-day!
And yesterday things went on just as usual. _Was_ I the same when I got
up this morning? But if I'm not the same, the next question is, 'Who in
the world am I?' Ah, _that's_ the great puzzle!"

As she said this, she looked down at her hands and was surprised to see
that she had put on one of the Rabbit's little white kid-gloves while
she was talking. "How _can_ I have done that?" she thought. "I must be
growing small again." She got up and went to the table to measure
herself by it and found that she was now about two feet high and was
going on shrinking rapidly. She soon found out that the cause of this
was the fan she was holding and she dropped it hastily, just in time to
save herself from shrinking away altogether.

"That _was_ a narrow escape!" said Alice, a good deal frightened at the
sudden change, but very glad to find herself still in existence. "And
now for the garden!" And she ran with all speed back to the little door;
but, alas! the little door was shut again and the little golden key was
lying on the glass table as before. "Things are worse than ever,"
thought the poor child, "for I never was so small as this before,
never!"

As she said these words, her foot slipped, and in another moment,
splash! she was up to her chin in salt-water. Her first idea was that
she had somehow fallen into the sea. However, she soon made out that she
was in the pool of tears which she had wept when she was nine feet high.

[Illustration]

Just then she heard something splashing about in the pool a little way
off, and she swam nearer to see what it was: she soon made out that it
was only a mouse that had slipped in like herself.

"Would it be of any use, now," thought Alice, "to speak to this mouse?
Everything is so out-of-the-way down here that I should think very
likely it can talk; at any rate, there's no harm in trying." So she
began, "O Mouse, do you know the way out of this pool? I am very tired
of swimming about here, O Mouse!" The Mouse looked at her rather
inquisitively and seemed to her to wink with one of its little eyes, but
it said nothing.

"Perhaps it doesn't understand English," thought Alice. "I dare say it's
a French mouse, come over with William the Conqueror." So she began
again: "Où est ma chatte?" which was the first sentence in her French
lesson-book. The Mouse gave a sudden leap out of the water and seemed to
quiver all over with fright. "Oh, I beg your pardon!" cried Alice
hastily, afraid that she had hurt the poor animal's feelings. "I quite
forgot you didn't like cats."

"Not like cats!" cried the Mouse in a shrill, passionate voice. "Would
_you_ like cats, if you were me?"

"Well, perhaps not," said Alice in a soothing tone; "don't be angry
about it. And yet I wish I could show you our cat Dinah. I think you'd
take a fancy to cats, if you could only see her. She is such a dear,
quiet thing." The Mouse was bristling all over and she felt certain it
must be really offended. "We won't talk about her any more, if you'd
rather not."

"We, indeed!" cried the Mouse, who was trembling down to the end of its
tail. "As if _I_ would talk on such a subject! Our family always _hated_
cats--nasty, low, vulgar things! Don't let me hear the name again!"

[Illustration: Alice at the Mad Tea Party.]

"I won't indeed!" said Alice, in a great hurry to change the subject of
conversation. "Are you--are you fond--of--of dogs? There is such a nice
little dog near our house, I should like to show you! It kills all the
rats and--oh, dear!" cried Alice in a sorrowful tone. "I'm afraid I've
offended it again!" For the Mouse was swimming away from her as hard as
it could go, and making quite a commotion in the pool as it went.

So she called softly after it, "Mouse dear! Do come back again, and we
won't talk about cats, or dogs either, if you don't like them!" When the
Mouse heard this, it turned 'round and swam slowly back to her; its face
was quite pale, and it said, in a low, trembling voice, "Let us get to
the shore and then I'll tell you my history and you'll understand why it
is I hate cats and dogs."

It was high time to go, for the pool was getting quite crowded with the
birds and animals that had fallen into it; there were a Duck and a Dodo,
a Lory and an Eaglet, and several other curious creatures. Alice led the
way and the whole party swam to the shore.

[Illustration]




III--A CAUCUS-RACE AND A LONG TALE


They were indeed a queer-looking party that assembled on the bank--the
birds with draggled feathers, the animals with their fur clinging close
to them, and all dripping wet, cross and uncomfortable.

[Illustration]

The first question, of course, was how to get dry again. They had a
consultation about this and after a few minutes, it seemed quite natural
to Alice to find herself talking familiarly with them, as if she had
known them all her life.

At last the Mouse, who seemed to be a person of some authority among
them, called out, "Sit down, all of you, and listen to me! _I'll_ soon
make you dry enough!" They all sat down at once, in a large ring, with
the Mouse in the middle.

"Ahem!" said the Mouse with an important air. "Are you all ready? This
is the driest thing I know. Silence all 'round, if you please! 'William
the Conqueror, whose cause was favored by the pope, was soon submitted
to by the English, who wanted leaders, and had been of late much
accustomed to usurpation and conquest. Edwin and Morcar, the Earls of
Mercia and Northumbria'--"

"Ugh!" said the Lory, with a shiver.

"--'And even Stigand, the patriotic archbishop of Canterbury, found it
advisable'--"

"Found _what_?" said the Duck.

"Found _it_," the Mouse replied rather crossly; "of course, you know
what 'it' means."

"I know what 'it' means well enough, when _I_ find a thing," said the
Duck; "it's generally a frog or a worm. The question is, what did the
archbishop find?"

The Mouse did not notice this question, but hurriedly went on, "'--found
it advisable to go with Edgar Atheling to meet William and offer him the
crown.'--How are you getting on now, my dear?" it continued, turning to
Alice as it spoke.

"As wet as ever," said Alice in a melancholy tone; "it doesn't seem to
dry me at all."

"In that case," said the Dodo solemnly, rising to its feet, "I move that
the meeting adjourn, for the immediate adoption of more energetic
remedies--"

"Speak English!" said the Eaglet. "I don't know the meaning of half
those long words, and, what's more, I don't believe you do either!"

"What I was going to say," said the Dodo in an offended tone, "is that
the best thing to get us dry would be a Caucus-race."

"What _is_ a Caucus-race?" said Alice.

[Illustration]

"Why," said the Dodo, "the best way to explain it is to do it." First it
marked out a race-course, in a sort of circle, and then all the party
were placed along the course, here and there. There was no "One, two,
three and away!" but they began running when they liked and left off
when they liked, so that it was not easy to know when the race was over.
However, when they had been running half an hour or so and were quite
dry again, the Dodo suddenly called out, "The race is over!" and they
all crowded 'round it, panting and asking, "But who has won?"

This question the Dodo could not answer without a great deal of thought.
At last it said, "_Everybody_ has won, and _all_ must have prizes."

"But who is to give the prizes?" quite a chorus of voices asked.

"Why, _she_, of course," said the Dodo, pointing to Alice with one
finger; and the whole party at once crowded 'round her, calling out, in
a confused way, "Prizes! Prizes!"

Alice had no idea what to do, and in despair she put her hand into her
pocket and pulled out a box of comfits (luckily the salt-water had not
got into it) and handed them 'round as prizes. There was exactly one
a-piece, all 'round.

The next thing was to eat the comfits; this caused some noise and
confusion, as the large birds complained that they could not taste
theirs, and the small ones choked and had to be patted on the back.
However, it was over at last and they sat down again in a ring and
begged the Mouse to tell them something more.

"You promised to tell me your history, you know," said Alice, "and why
it is you hate--C and D," she added in a whisper, half afraid that it
would be offended again.

"Mine is a long and a sad tale!" said the Mouse, turning to Alice and
sighing.

"It _is_ a long tail, certainly," said Alice, looking down with wonder
at the Mouse's tail, "but why do you call it sad?" And she kept on
puzzling about it while the Mouse was speaking, so that her idea of the
tale was something like this:--

    "Fury said to
      a mouse, That
         he met in the
            house, 'Let
              us both go
                to law: _I_
                 will prosecute
               _you_.--
                 Come, I'll
              take no denial:
             We
           must have
        the trial;
     For really
    this morning
    I've
    nothing
    to do.'
    Said the
     mouse to
      the cur,
       'Such a
        trial, dear
           sir, With
               no jury
                or judge,
                   would
                  be wasting
                our
             breath.'
         'I'll be
        judge,
       I'll be
      jury,'
     said
    cunning
    old
     Fury;
      'I'll
       try
        the
         whole
          cause,
          and
         condemn
       you to
    death.'"

"You are not attending!" said the Mouse to Alice, severely. "What are
you thinking of?"

"I beg your pardon," said Alice very humbly, "you had got to the fifth
bend, I think?"

"You insult me by talking such nonsense!" said the Mouse, getting up and
walking away.

"Please come back and finish your story!" Alice called after it. And the
others all joined in chorus, "Yes, please do!" But the Mouse only shook
its head impatiently and walked a little quicker.

"I wish I had Dinah, our cat, here!" said Alice. This caused a
remarkable sensation among the party. Some of the birds hurried off at
once, and a Canary called out in a trembling voice, to its children,
"Come away, my dears! It's high time you were all in bed!" On various
pretexts they all moved off and Alice was soon left alone.

"I wish I hadn't mentioned Dinah! Nobody seems to like her down here and
I'm sure she's the best cat in the world!" Poor Alice began to cry
again, for she felt very lonely and low-spirited. In a little while,
however, she again heard a little pattering of footsteps in the distance
and she looked up eagerly.

[Illustration]

[Illustration]




IV--THE RABBIT SENDS IN A LITTLE BILL


It was the White Rabbit, trotting slowly back again and looking
anxiously about as it went, as if it had lost something; Alice heard it
muttering to itself, "The Duchess! The Duchess! Oh, my dear paws! Oh, my
fur and whiskers! She'll get me executed, as sure as ferrets are
ferrets! Where _can_ I have dropped them, I wonder?" Alice guessed in a
moment that it was looking for the fan and the pair of white kid-gloves
and she very good-naturedly began hunting about for them, but they were
nowhere to be seen--everything seemed to have changed since her swim in
the pool, and the great hall, with the glass table and the little door,
had vanished completely.

Very soon the Rabbit noticed Alice, and called to her, in an angry tone,
"Why, Mary Ann, what _are_ you doing out here? Run home this moment and
fetch me a pair of gloves and a fan! Quick, now!"

"He took me for his housemaid!" said Alice, as she ran off. "How
surprised he'll be when he finds out who I am!" As she said this, she
came upon a neat little house, on the door of which was a bright brass
plate with the name "W. RABBIT" engraved upon it. She went in without
knocking and hurried upstairs, in great fear lest she should meet the
real Mary Ann and be turned out of the house before she had found the
fan and gloves.

By this time, Alice had found her way into a tidy little room with a
table in the window, and on it a fan and two or three pairs of tiny
white kid-gloves; she took up the fan and a pair of the gloves and was
just going to leave the room, when her eyes fell upon a little bottle
that stood near the looking-glass. She uncorked it and put it to her
lips, saying to herself, "I do hope it'll make me grow large again, for,
really, I'm quite tired of being such a tiny little thing!"

Before she had drunk half the bottle, she found her head pressing
against the ceiling, and had to stoop to save her neck from being
broken. She hastily put down the bottle, remarking, "That's quite
enough--I hope I sha'n't grow any more."

Alas! It was too late to wish that! She went on growing and growing and
very soon she had to kneel down on the floor. Still she went on growing,
and, as a last resource, she put one arm out of the window and one foot
up the chimney, and said to herself, "Now I can do no more, whatever
happens. What _will_ become of me?"

[Illustration]

Luckily for Alice, the little magic bottle had now had its full effect
and she grew no larger. After a few minutes she heard a voice outside
and stopped to listen.

"Mary Ann! Mary Ann!" said the voice. "Fetch me my gloves this moment!"
Then came a little pattering of feet on the stairs. Alice knew it was
the Rabbit coming to look for her and she trembled till she shook the
house, quite forgetting that she was now about a thousand times as large
as the Rabbit and had no reason to be afraid of it.

Presently the Rabbit came up to the door and tried to open it; but as
the door opened inwards and Alice's elbow was pressed hard against it,
that attempt proved a failure. Alice heard it say to itself, "Then I'll
go 'round and get in at the window."

"_That_ you won't!" thought Alice; and after waiting till she fancied
she heard the Rabbit just under the window, she suddenly spread out her
hand and made a snatch in the air. She did not get hold of anything,
but she heard a little shriek and a fall and a crash of broken glass,
from which she concluded that it was just possible it had fallen into a
cucumber-frame or something of that sort.

Next came an angry voice--the Rabbit's--"Pat! Pat! Where are you?" And
then a voice she had never heard before, "Sure then, I'm here! Digging
for apples, yer honor!"

"Here! Come and help me out of this! Now tell me, Pat, what's that in
the window?"

"Sure, it's an arm, yer honor!"

"Well, it's got no business there, at any rate; go and take it away!"

There was a long silence after this and Alice could only hear whispers
now and then, and at last she spread out her hand again and made another
snatch in the air. This time there were _two_ little shrieks and more
sounds of broken glass. "I wonder what they'll do next!" thought Alice.
"As for pulling me out of the window, I only wish they _could_!"

She waited for some time without hearing anything more. At last came a
rumbling of little cart-wheels and the sound of a good many voices all
talking together. She made out the words: "Where's the other ladder?
Bill's got the other--Bill! Here, Bill! Will the roof bear?--Who's to go
down the chimney?--Nay, _I_ sha'n't! _You_ do it! Here, Bill! The master
says you've got to go down the chimney!"

Alice drew her foot as far down the chimney as she could and waited till
she heard a little animal scratching and scrambling about in the chimney
close above her; then she gave one sharp kick and waited to see what
would happen next.

The first thing she heard was a general chorus of "There goes Bill!"
then the Rabbit's voice alone--"Catch him, you by the hedge!" Then
silence and then another confusion of voices--"Hold up his head--Brandy
now--Don't choke him--What happened to you?"

Last came a little feeble, squeaking voice, "Well, I hardly know--No
more, thank ye. I'm better now--all I know is, something comes at me
like a Jack-in-the-box and up I goes like a sky-rocket!"

After a minute or two of silence, they began moving about again, and
Alice heard the Rabbit say, "A barrowful will do, to begin with."

"A barrowful of _what_?" thought Alice. But she had not long to doubt,
for the next moment a shower of little pebbles came rattling in at the
window and some of them hit her in the face. Alice noticed, with some
surprise, that the pebbles were all turning into little cakes as they
lay on the floor and a bright idea came into her head. "If I eat one of
these cakes," she thought, "it's sure to make _some_ change in my size."

So she swallowed one of the cakes and was delighted to find that she
began shrinking directly. As soon as she was small enough to get through
the door, she ran out of the house and found quite a crowd of little
animals and birds waiting outside. They all made a rush at Alice the
moment she appeared, but she ran off as hard as she could and soon found
herself safe in a thick wood.

[Illustration: "The Duchess tucked her arm affectionately into
Alice's."]

"The first thing I've got to do," said Alice to herself, as she
wandered about in the wood, "is to grow to my right size again; and the
second thing is to find my way into that lovely garden. I suppose I
ought to eat or drink something or other, but the great question is
'What?'"

Alice looked all around her at the flowers and the blades of grass, but
she could not see anything that looked like the right thing to eat or
drink under the circumstances. There was a large mushroom growing near
her, about the same height as herself. She stretched herself up on
tiptoe and peeped over the edge and her eyes immediately met those of a
large blue caterpillar, that was sitting on the top, with its arms
folded, quietly smoking a long hookah and taking not the smallest notice
of her or of anything else.

[Illustration]




V--ADVICE FROM A CATERPILLAR


At last the Caterpillar took the hookah out of its mouth and addressed
Alice in a languid, sleepy voice.

"Who are _you_?" said the Caterpillar.

[Illustration]

Alice replied, rather shyly, "I--I hardly know, sir, just at present--at
least I know who I _was_ when I got up this morning, but I think I must
have changed several times since then."

"What do you mean by that?" said the Caterpillar, sternly. "Explain
yourself!"

"I can't explain _myself_, I'm afraid, sir," said Alice, "because I'm
not myself, you see--being so many different sizes in a day is very
confusing." She drew herself up and said very gravely, "I think you
ought to tell me who _you_ are, first."

"Why?" said the Caterpillar.

As Alice could not think of any good reason and the Caterpillar seemed
to be in a _very_ unpleasant state of mind, she turned away.

"Come back!" the Caterpillar called after her. "I've something important
to say!" Alice turned and came back again.

"Keep your temper," said the Caterpillar.

"Is that all?" said Alice, swallowing down her anger as well as she
could.

"No," said the Caterpillar.

It unfolded its arms, took the hookah out of its mouth again, and said,
"So you think you're changed, do you?"

"I'm afraid, I am, sir," said Alice. "I can't remember things as I
used--and I don't keep the same size for ten minutes together!"

"What size do you want to be?" asked the Caterpillar.

"Oh, I'm not particular as to size," Alice hastily replied, "only one
doesn't like changing so often, you know. I should like to be a _little_
larger, sir, if you wouldn't mind," said Alice. "Three inches is such a
wretched height to be."

"It is a very good height indeed!" said the Caterpillar angrily, rearing
itself upright as it spoke (it was exactly three inches high).

In a minute or two, the Caterpillar got down off the mushroom and
crawled away into the grass, merely remarking, as it went, "One side
will make you grow taller, and the other side will make you grow
shorter."

"One side of _what_? The other side of _what_?" thought Alice to
herself.

"Of the mushroom," said the Caterpillar, just as if she had asked it
aloud; and in another moment, it was out of sight.

Alice remained looking thoughtfully at the mushroom for a minute, trying
to make out which were the two sides of it. At last she stretched her
arms 'round it as far as they would go, and broke off a bit of the edge
with each hand.

"And now which is which?" she said to herself, and nibbled a little of
the right-hand bit to try the effect. The next moment she felt a violent
blow underneath her chin--it had struck her foot!

She was a good deal frightened by this very sudden change, as she was
shrinking rapidly; so she set to work at once to eat some of the other
bit. Her chin was pressed so closely against her foot that there was
hardly room to open her mouth; but she did it at last and managed to
swallow a morsel of the left-hand bit....

"Come, my head's free at last!" said Alice; but all she could see, when
she looked down, was an immense length of neck, which seemed to rise
like a stalk out of a sea of green leaves that lay far below her.

"Where _have_ my shoulders got to? And oh, my poor hands, how is it I
can't see you?" She was delighted to find that her neck would bend
about easily in any direction, like a serpent. She had just succeeded in
curving it down into a graceful zigzag and was going to dive in among
the leaves, when a sharp hiss made her draw back in a hurry--a large
pigeon had flown into her face and was beating her violently with its
wings.

[Illustration]

"Serpent!" cried the Pigeon.

"I'm _not_ a serpent!" said Alice indignantly. "Let me alone!"

"I've tried the roots of trees, and I've tried banks, and I've tried
hedges," the Pigeon went on, "but those serpents! There's no pleasing
them!"

Alice was more and more puzzled.

"As if it wasn't trouble enough hatching the eggs," said the Pigeon,
"but I must be on the look-out for serpents, night and day! And just as
I'd taken the highest tree in the wood," continued the Pigeon, raising
its voice to a shriek, "and just as I was thinking I should be free of
them at last, they must needs come wriggling down from the sky! Ugh,
Serpent!"

"But I'm _not_ a serpent, I tell you!" said Alice. "I'm a--I'm a--I'm a
little girl," she added rather doubtfully, as she remembered the number
of changes she had gone through that day.

"You're looking for eggs, I know _that_ well enough," said the Pigeon;
"and what does it matter to me whether you're a little girl or a
serpent?"

"It matters a good deal to _me_," said Alice hastily; "but I'm not
looking for eggs, as it happens, and if I was, I shouldn't want
_yours_--I don't like them raw."

"Well, be off, then!" said the Pigeon in a sulky tone, as it settled
down again into its nest. Alice crouched down among the trees as well as
she could, for her neck kept getting entangled among the branches, and
every now and then she had to stop and untwist it. After awhile she
remembered that she still held the pieces of mushroom in her hands, and
she set to work very carefully, nibbling first at one and then at the
other, and growing sometimes taller and sometimes shorter, until she had
succeeded in bringing herself down to her usual height.

It was so long since she had been anything near the right size that it
felt quite strange at first. "The next thing is to get into that
beautiful garden--how _is_ that to be done, I wonder?" As she said this,
she came suddenly upon an open place, with a little house in it about
four feet high. "Whoever lives there," thought Alice, "it'll never do to
come upon them _this_ size; why, I should frighten them out of their
wits!" She did not venture to go near the house till she had brought
herself down to nine inches high.




VI--PIG AND PEPPER


For a minute or two she stood looking at the house, when suddenly a
footman in livery came running out of the wood (judging by his face
only, she would have called him a fish)--and rapped loudly at the door
with his knuckles. It was opened by another footman in livery, with a
round face and large eyes like a frog.

[Illustration]

The Fish-Footman began by producing from under his arm a great letter,
and this he handed over to the other, saying, in a solemn tone, "For the
Duchess. An invitation from the Queen to play croquet." The
Frog-Footman repeated, in the same solemn tone, "From the Queen. An
invitation for the Duchess to play croquet." Then they both bowed low
and their curls got entangled together.

When Alice next peeped out, the Fish-Footman was gone, and the other was
sitting on the ground near the door, staring stupidly up into the sky.
Alice went timidly up to the door and knocked.

"There's no sort of use in knocking," said the Footman, "and that for
two reasons. First, because I'm on the same side of the door as you are;
secondly, because they're making such a noise inside, no one could
possibly hear you." And certainly there _was_ a most extraordinary noise
going on within--a constant howling and sneezing, and every now and then
a great crash, as if a dish or kettle had been broken to pieces.

"How am I to get in?" asked Alice.

"_Are_ you to get in at all?" said the Footman. "That's the first
question, you know."

Alice opened the door and went in. The door led right into a large
kitchen, which was full of smoke from one end to the other; the Duchess
was sitting on a three-legged stool in the middle, nursing a baby; the
cook was leaning over the fire, stirring a large caldron which seemed to
be full of soup.

"There's certainly too much pepper in that soup!" Alice said to herself,
as well as she could for sneezing. Even the Duchess sneezed
occasionally; and as for the baby, it was sneezing and howling
alternately without a moment's pause. The only two creatures in the
kitchen that did _not_ sneeze were the cook and a large cat, which was
grinning from ear to ear.

"Please would you tell me," said Alice, a little timidly, "why your cat
grins like that?"

"It's a Cheshire-Cat," said the Duchess, "and that's why."

"I didn't know that Cheshire-Cats always grinned; in fact, I didn't know
that cats _could_ grin," said Alice.

"You don't know much," said the Duchess, "and that's a fact."

Just then the cook took the caldron of soup off the fire, and at once
set to work throwing everything within her reach at the Duchess and the
baby--the fire-irons came first; then followed a shower of saucepans,
plates and dishes. The Duchess took no notice of them, even when they
hit her, and the baby was howling so much already that it was quite
impossible to say whether the blows hurt it or not.

"Oh, _please_ mind what you're doing!" cried Alice, jumping up and down
in an agony of terror.

"Here! You may nurse it a bit, if you like!" the Duchess said to Alice,
flinging the baby at her as she spoke. "I must go and get ready to play
croquet with the Queen," and she hurried out of the room.

Alice caught the baby with some difficulty, as it was a queer-shaped
little creature and held out its arms and legs in all directions. "If I
don't take this child away with me," thought Alice, "they're sure to
kill it in a day or two. Wouldn't it be murder to leave it behind?" She
said the last words out loud and the little thing grunted in reply.

"If you're going to turn into a pig, my dear," said Alice, "I'll have
nothing more to do with you. Mind now!"

Alice was just beginning to think to herself, "Now, what am I to do with
this creature, when I get it home?" when it grunted again so violently
that Alice looked down into its face in some alarm. This time there
could be _no_ mistake about it--it was neither more nor less than a pig;
so she set the little creature down and felt quite relieved to see it
trot away quietly into the wood.

Alice was a little startled by seeing the Cheshire-Cat sitting on a
bough of a tree a few yards off. The Cat only grinned when it saw her.
"Cheshire-Puss," began Alice, rather timidly, "would you please tell me
which way I ought to go from here?"

"In _that_ direction," the Cat said, waving the right paw 'round, "lives
a Hatter; and in _that_ direction," waving the other paw, "lives a March
Hare. Visit either you like; they're both mad."

"But I don't want to go among mad people," Alice remarked.

"Oh, you can't help that," said the Cat; "we're all mad here. Do you
play croquet with the Queen to-day?"

"I should like it very much," said Alice, "but I haven't been invited
yet."

"You'll see me there," said the Cat, and vanished.

Alice had not gone much farther before she came in sight of the house of
the March Hare; it was so large a house that she did not like to go near
till she had nibbled some more of the left-hand bit of mushroom.




VII--A MAD TEA-PARTY


There was a table set out under a tree in front of the house, and the
March Hare and the Hatter were having tea at it; a Dormouse was sitting
between them, fast asleep.

The table was a large one, but the three were all crowded together at
one corner of it. "No room! No room!" they cried out when they saw Alice
coming. "There's _plenty_ of room!" said Alice indignantly, and she sat
down in a large arm-chair at one end of the table.

The Hatter opened his eyes very wide on hearing this, but all he said
was "Why is a raven like a writing-desk?"

"I'm glad they've begun asking riddles--I believe I can guess that," she
added aloud.

"Do you mean that you think you can find out the answer to it?" said the
March Hare.

"Exactly so," said Alice.

"Then you should say what you mean," the March Hare went on.

"I do," Alice hastily replied; "at least--at least I mean what I
say--that's the same thing, you know."

"You might just as well say," added the Dormouse, which seemed to be
talking in its sleep, "that 'I breathe when I sleep' is the same thing
as 'I sleep when I breathe!'"

"It _is_ the same thing with you," said the Hatter, and he poured a
little hot tea upon its nose. The Dormouse shook its head impatiently
and said, without opening its eyes, "Of course, of course; just what I
was going to remark myself."

[Illustration]

"Have you guessed the riddle yet?" the Hatter said, turning to Alice
again.

"No, I give it up," Alice replied. "What's the answer?"

"I haven't the slightest idea," said the Hatter.

"Nor I," said the March Hare.

Alice gave a weary sigh. "I think you might do something better with the
time," she said, "than wasting it in asking riddles that have no
answers."

"Take some more tea," the March Hare said to Alice, very earnestly.

"I've had nothing yet," Alice replied in an offended tone, "so I can't
take more."

"You mean you can't take _less_," said the Hatter; "it's very easy to
take _more_ than nothing."

At this, Alice got up and walked off. The Dormouse fell asleep instantly
and neither of the others took the least notice of her going, though she
looked back once or twice; the last time she saw them, they were
trying to put the Dormouse into the tea-pot.

[Illustration: The Trial of the Knave of Hearts.]

"At any rate, I'll never go _there_ again!" said Alice, as she picked
her way through the wood. "It's the stupidest tea-party I ever was at in
all my life!" Just as she said this, she noticed that one of the trees
had a door leading right into it. "That's very curious!" she thought. "I
think I may as well go in at once." And in she went.

Once more she found herself in the long hall and close to the little
glass table. Taking the little golden key, she unlocked the door that
led into the garden. Then she set to work nibbling at the mushroom (she
had kept a piece of it in her pocket) till she was about a foot high;
then she walked down the little passage; and _then_--she found herself
at last in the beautiful garden, among the bright flower-beds and the
cool fountains.




VIII--THE QUEEN'S CROQUET GROUND


A large rose-tree stood near the entrance of the garden; the roses
growing on it were white, but there were three gardeners at it, busily
painting them red. Suddenly their eyes chanced to fall upon Alice, as
she stood watching them. "Would you tell me, please," said Alice, a
little timidly, "why you are painting those roses?"

Five and Seven said nothing, but looked at Two. Two began, in a low
voice, "Why, the fact is, you see, Miss, this here ought to have been a
_red_ rose-tree, and we put a white one in by mistake; and, if the Queen
was to find it out, we should all have our heads cut off, you know. So
you see, Miss, we're doing our best, afore she comes, to--" At this
moment, Five, who had been anxiously looking across the garden, called
out, "The Queen! The Queen!" and the three gardeners instantly threw
themselves flat upon their faces. There was a sound of many footsteps
and Alice looked 'round, eager to see the Queen.

First came ten soldiers carrying clubs, with their hands and feet at the
corners: next the ten courtiers; these were ornamented all over with
diamonds. After these came the royal children; there were ten of them,
all ornamented with hearts. Next came the guests, mostly Kings and
Queens, and among them Alice recognized the White Rabbit. Then followed
the Knave of Hearts, carrying the King's crown on a crimson velvet
cushion; and last of all this grand procession came THE KING AND THE
QUEEN OF HEARTS.

When the procession came opposite to Alice, they all stopped and looked
at her, and the Queen said severely, "Who is this?" She said it to the
Knave of Hearts, who only bowed and smiled in reply.

"My name is Alice, so please Your Majesty," said Alice very politely;
but she added to herself, "Why, they're only a pack of cards, after
all!"

"Can you play croquet?" shouted the Queen. The question was evidently
meant for Alice.

"Yes!" said Alice loudly.

"Come on, then!" roared the Queen.

"It's--it's a very fine day!" said a timid voice to Alice. She was
walking by the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face.

"Very," said Alice. "Where's the Duchess?"

"Hush! Hush!" said the Rabbit. "She's under sentence of execution."

"What for?" said Alice.

"She boxed the Queen's ears--" the Rabbit began.

"Get to your places!" shouted the Queen in a voice of thunder, and
people began running about in all directions, tumbling up against each
other. However, they got settled down in a minute or two, and the game
began.

Alice thought she had never seen such a curious croquet-ground in her
life; it was all ridges and furrows. The croquet balls were live
hedgehogs, and the mallets live flamingos and the soldiers had to double
themselves up and stand on their hands and feet, to make the arches.

The players all played at once, without waiting for turns, quarrelling
all the while and fighting for the hedgehogs; and in a very short time,
the Queen was in a furious passion and went stamping about and shouting,
"Off with his head!" or "Off with her head!" about once in a minute.

"They're dreadfully fond of beheading people here," thought Alice; "the
great wonder is that there's anyone left alive!"

She was looking about for some way of escape, when she noticed a curious
appearance in the air. "It's the Cheshire-Cat," she said to herself;
"now I shall have somebody to talk to."

"How are you getting on?" said the Cat.

"I don't think they play at all fairly," Alice said, in a rather
complaining tone; "and they all quarrel so dreadfully one can't hear
oneself speak--and they don't seem to have any rules in particular."

"How do you like the Queen?" said the Cat in a low voice.

"Not at all," said Alice.

[Illustration]

Alice thought she might as well go back and see how the game was going
on. So she went off in search of her hedgehog. The hedgehog was engaged
in a fight with another hedgehog, which seemed to Alice an excellent
opportunity for croqueting one of them with the other; the only
difficulty was that her flamingo was gone across to the other side of
the garden, where Alice could see it trying, in a helpless sort of way,
to fly up into a tree. She caught the flamingo and tucked it away under
her arm, that it might not escape again.

Just then Alice ran across the Duchess (who was now out of prison). She
tucked her arm affectionately into Alice's and they walked off together.
Alice was very glad to find her in such a pleasant temper. She was a
little startled, however, when she heard the voice of the Duchess close
to her ear. "You're thinking about something, my dear, and that makes
you forget to talk."

"The game's going on rather better now," Alice said, by way of keeping
up the conversation a little.

"'Tis so," said the Duchess; "and the moral of that is--'Oh, 'tis love,
'tis love that makes the world go 'round!'"

"Somebody said," Alice whispered, "that it's done by everybody minding
his own business!"

"Ah, well! It means much the same thing," said the Duchess, digging her
sharp little chin into Alice's shoulder, as she added "and the moral of
_that_ is--'Take care of the sense and the sounds will take care of
themselves.'"

To Alice's great surprise, the Duchess's arm that was linked into hers
began to tremble. Alice looked up and there stood the Queen in front of
them, with her arms folded, frowning like a thunderstorm!

"Now, I give you fair warning," shouted the Queen, stamping on the
ground as she spoke, "either you or your head must be off, and that in
about half no time. Take your choice!" The Duchess took her choice, and
was gone in a moment.

"Let's go on with the game," the Queen said to Alice; and Alice was too
much frightened to say a word, but slowly followed her back to the
croquet-ground.

All the time they were playing, the Queen never left off quarreling with
the other players and shouting, "Off with his head!" or "Off with her
head!" By the end of half an hour or so, all the players, except the
King, the Queen and Alice, were in custody of the soldiers and under
sentence of execution.

Then the Queen left off, quite out of breath, and walked away with
Alice.

Alice heard the King say in a low voice to the company generally, "You
are all pardoned."

Suddenly the cry "The Trial's beginning!" was heard in the distance, and
Alice ran along with the others.




IX--WHO STOLE THE TARTS?


The King and Queen of Hearts were seated on their throne when they
arrived, with a great crowd assembled about them--all sorts of little
birds and beasts, as well as the whole pack of cards: the Knave was
standing before them, in chains, with a soldier on each side to guard
him; and near the King was the White Rabbit, with a trumpet in one hand
and a scroll of parchment in the other. In the very middle of the court
was a table, with a large dish of tarts upon it. "I wish they'd get the
trial done," Alice thought, "and hand 'round the refreshments!"

The judge, by the way, was the King and he wore his crown over his great
wig. "That's the jury-box," thought Alice; "and those twelve creatures
(some were animals and some were birds) I suppose they are the jurors."

Just then the White Rabbit cried out "Silence in the court!"

"Herald, read the accusation!" said the King.

[Illustration]

On this, the White Rabbit blew three blasts on the trumpet, then
unrolled the parchment-scroll and read as follows:

    "The Queen of Hearts, she made some tarts,
      All on a summer day;
    The Knave of Hearts, he stole those tarts
      And took them quite away!"

"Call the first witness," said the King; and the White Rabbit blew three
blasts on the trumpet and called out, "First witness!"

The first witness was the Hatter. He came in with a teacup in one hand
and a piece of bread and butter in the other.

"You ought to have finished," said the King. "When did you begin?"

The Hatter looked at the March Hare, who had followed him into the
court, arm in arm with the Dormouse. "Fourteenth of March, I _think_ it
was," he said.

"Give your evidence," said the King, "and don't be nervous, or I'll have
you executed on the spot."

This did not seem to encourage the witness at all; he kept shifting from
one foot to the other, looking uneasily at the Queen, and, in his
confusion, he bit a large piece out of his teacup instead of the bread
and butter.

Just at this moment Alice felt a very curious sensation--she was
beginning to grow larger again.

The miserable Hatter dropped his teacup and bread and butter and went
down on one knee. "I'm a poor man, Your Majesty," he began.

"You're a _very_ poor _speaker_," said the King.

"You may go," said the King, and the Hatter hurriedly left the court.

"Call the next witness!" said the King.

The next witness was the Duchess's cook. She carried the pepper-box in
her hand and the people near the door began sneezing all at once.

"Give your evidence," said the King.

"Sha'n't," said the cook.

The King looked anxiously at the White Rabbit, who said, in a low voice,
"Your Majesty must cross-examine _this_ witness."

"Well, if I must, I must," the King said. "What are tarts made of?"

"Pepper, mostly," said the cook.

For some minutes the whole court was in confusion and by the time they
had settled down again, the cook had disappeared.

"Never mind!" said the King, "call the next witness."

Alice watched the White Rabbit as he fumbled over the list. Imagine her
surprise when he read out, at the top of his shrill little voice, the
name "Alice!"




X--ALICE'S EVIDENCE


"Here!" cried Alice. She jumped up in such a hurry that she tipped over
the jury-box, upsetting all the jurymen on to the heads of the crowd
below.

"Oh, I _beg_ your pardon!" she exclaimed in a tone of great dismay.

"The trial cannot proceed," said the King, "until all the jurymen are
back in their proper places--_all_," he repeated with great emphasis,
looking hard at Alice.

"What do you know about this business?" the King said to Alice.

"Nothing whatever," said Alice.

The King then read from his book: "Rule forty-two. _All persons more
than a mile high to leave the court_."

"_I'm_ not a mile high," said Alice.

"Nearly two miles high," said the Queen.

[Illustration]

"Well, I sha'n't go, at any rate," said Alice.

The King turned pale and shut his note-book hastily. "Consider your
verdict," he said to the jury, in a low, trembling voice.

"There's more evidence to come yet, please Your Majesty," said the White
Rabbit, jumping up in a great hurry. "This paper has just been picked
up. It seems to be a letter written by the prisoner to--to somebody." He
unfolded the paper as he spoke and added, "It isn't a letter, after all;
it's a set of verses."

"Please, Your Majesty," said the Knave, "I didn't write it and they
can't prove that I did; there's no name signed at the end."

"You _must_ have meant some mischief, or else you'd have signed your
name like an honest man," said the King. There was a general clapping of
hands at this.

"Read them," he added, turning to the White Rabbit.

There was dead silence in the court whilst the White Rabbit read out the
verses.

"That's the most important piece of evidence we've heard yet," said the
King.

"_I_ don't believe there's an atom of meaning in it," ventured Alice.

"If there's no meaning in it," said the King, "that saves a world of
trouble, you know, as we needn't try to find any. Let the jury consider
their verdict."

"No, no!" said the Queen. "Sentence first--verdict afterwards."

"Stuff and nonsense!" said Alice loudly. "The idea of having the
sentence first!"

"Hold your tongue!" said the Queen, turning purple.

"I won't!" said Alice.

"Off with her head!" the Queen shouted at the top of her voice. Nobody
moved.

"Who cares for _you_?" said Alice (she had grown to her full size by
this time). "You're nothing but a pack of cards!"

[Illustration]

At this, the whole pack rose up in the air and came flying down upon
her; she gave a little scream, half of fright and half of anger, and
tried to beat them off, and found herself lying on the bank, with her
head in the lap of her sister, who was gently brushing away some dead
leaves that had fluttered down from the trees upon her face.

"Wake up, Alice dear!" said her sister. "Why, what a long sleep you've
had!"

"Oh, I've had such a curious dream!" said Alice. And she told her
sister, as well as she could remember them, all these strange adventures
of hers that you have just been reading about. Alice got up and ran off,
thinking while she ran, as well she might, what a wonderful dream it had
been.

[Illustration]





End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of Alice in Wonderland, by Lewis Carroll

*** END OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK ALICE IN WONDERLAND ***

***** This file should be named 19033-8.txt or 19033-8.zip *****
This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:
        http://www.gutenberg.org/1/9/0/3/19033/

Produced by Jason Isbell, Irma Spehar, and the Online
Distributed Proofreading Team at http://www.pgdp.net


Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions
will be renamed.

Creating the works from public domain print editions means that no
one owns a United States copyright in these works, so the Foundation
(and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United States without
permission and without paying copyright royalties.  Special rules,
set forth in the General Terms of Use part of this license, apply to
copying and distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works to
protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm concept and trademark.  Project
Gutenberg is a registered trademark, and may not be used if you
charge for the eBooks, unless you receive specific permission.  If you
do not charge anything for copies of this eBook, complying with the
rules is very easy.  You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose
such as creation of derivative works, reports, performances and
research.  They may be modified and printed and given away--you may do
practically ANYTHING with public domain eBooks.  Redistribution is
subject to the trademark license, especially commercial
redistribution.



*** START: FULL LICENSE ***

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full Project
Gutenberg-tm License (available with this file or online at
http://gutenberg.org/license).


Section 1.  General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works

1.A.  By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement.  If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy
all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your possession.
If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound by the
terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the person or
entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.E.8.

1.B.  "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark.  It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.  There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement.  See
paragraph 1.C below.  There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement
and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
works.  See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C.  The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the Foundation"
or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection of Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works.  Nearly all the individual works in the
collection are in the public domain in the United States.  If an
individual work is in the public domain in the United States and you are
located in the United States, we do not claim a right to prevent you from
copying, distributing, performing, displaying or creating derivative
works based on the work as long as all references to Project Gutenberg
are removed.  Of course, we hope that you will support the Project
Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting free access to electronic works by
freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm works in compliance with the terms of
this agreement for keeping the Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with
the work.  You can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by
keeping this work in the same format with its attached full Project
Gutenberg-tm License when you share it without charge with others.

1.D.  The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work.  Copyright laws in most countries are in
a constant state of change.  If you are outside the United States, check
the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this agreement
before downloading, copying, displaying, performing, distributing or
creating derivative works based on this work or any other Project
Gutenberg-tm work.  The Foundation makes no representations concerning
the copyright status of any work in any country outside the United
States.

1.E.  Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1.  The following sentence, with active links to, or other immediate
access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear prominently
whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work on which the
phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the phrase "Project
Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed, performed, viewed,
copied or distributed:

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with
almost no restrictions whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or
re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included
with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org

1.E.2.  If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is derived
from the public domain (does not contain a notice indicating that it is
posted with permission of the copyright holder), the work can be copied
and distributed to anyone in the United States without paying any fees
or charges.  If you are redistributing or providing access to a work
with the phrase "Project Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the
work, you must comply either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1
through 1.E.7 or obtain permission for the use of the work and the
Project Gutenberg-tm trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or
1.E.9.

1.E.3.  If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any additional
terms imposed by the copyright holder.  Additional terms will be linked
to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works posted with the
permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work.

1.E.4.  Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.

1.E.5.  Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg-tm License.

1.E.6.  You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including any
word processing or hypertext form.  However, if you provide access to or
distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format other than
"Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official version
posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm web site (www.gutenberg.org),
you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense to the user, provide a
copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means of obtaining a copy upon
request, of the work in its original "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other
form.  Any alternate format must include the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7.  Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8.  You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works provided
that

- You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
     the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
     you already use to calculate your applicable taxes.  The fee is
     owed to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he
     has agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the
     Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation.  Royalty payments
     must be paid within 60 days following each date on which you
     prepare (or are legally required to prepare) your periodic tax
     returns.  Royalty payments should be clearly marked as such and
     sent to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the
     address specified in Section 4, "Information about donations to
     the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation."

- You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
     you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
     does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
     License.  You must require such a user to return or
     destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium
     and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of
     Project Gutenberg-tm works.

- You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of any
     money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
     electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days
     of receipt of the work.

- You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
     distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.

1.E.9.  If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work or group of works on different terms than are set
forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing from
both the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and Michael
Hart, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark.  Contact the
Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1.  Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
public domain works in creating the Project Gutenberg-tm
collection.  Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may contain
"Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate or
corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other intellectual
property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or other medium, a
computer virus, or computer codes that damage or cannot be read by
your equipment.

1.F.2.  LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees.  YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH F3.  YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3.  LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from.  If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium with
your written explanation.  The person or entity that provided you with
the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a
refund.  If you received the work electronically, the person or entity
providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to
receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund.  If the second copy
is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing without further
opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4.  Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS' WITH NO OTHER
WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5.  Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages.
If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement violates the
law of the state applicable to this agreement, the agreement shall be
interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by
the applicable state law.  The invalidity or unenforceability of any
provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions.

1.F.6.  INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in accordance
with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the production,
promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works,
harmless from all liability, costs and expenses, including legal fees,
that arise directly or indirectly from any of the following which you do
or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this or any Project Gutenberg-tm
work, (b) alteration, modification, or additions or deletions to any
Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any Defect you cause.


Section  2.  Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm

Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers
including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers.  It exists
because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from
people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need, is critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
remain freely available for generations to come.  In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future generations.
To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation
and how your efforts and donations can help, see Sections 3 and 4
and the Foundation web page at http://www.pglaf.org.


Section 3.  Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive
Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service.  The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541.  Its 501(c)(3) letter is posted at
http://pglaf.org/fundraising.  Contributions to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent
permitted by U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.

The Foundation's principal office is located at 4557 Melan Dr. S.
Fairbanks, AK, 99712., but its volunteers and employees are scattered
throughout numerous locations.  Its business office is located at
809 North 1500 West, Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887, email
business@pglaf.org.  Email contact links and up to date contact
information can be found at the Foundation's web site and official
page at http://pglaf.org

For additional contact information:
     Dr. Gregory B. Newby
     Chief Executive and Director
     gbnewby@pglaf.org


Section 4.  Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide
spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment.  Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States.  Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements.  We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance.  To
SEND DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any
particular state visit http://pglaf.org

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States.  U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg Web pages for current donation
methods and addresses.  Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations.
To donate, please visit: http://pglaf.org/donate


Section 5.  General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
works.

Professor Michael S. Hart is the originator of the Project Gutenberg-tm
concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared
with anyone.  For thirty years, he produced and distributed Project
Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of volunteer support.


Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as Public Domain in the U.S.
unless a copyright notice is included.  Thus, we do not necessarily
keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper edition.


Most people start at our Web site which has the main PG search facility:

     http://www.gutenberg.org

This Web site includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.




